
 Unit 1

a big potato 
A big potato is easy to distinguish, for he is always the last to arrive at a party. 
a big shot


a box office smash 
Though the film was far from a box office smash when it first hit theaters in 2005, it did receive generally positive reviews that time. 2005
The director is a talent and most of his films are box office smashes. 
a box office hit


hobbyleisure activity
the highest grossing/top-grossing movie 
weekend box office 
opening day box office 
daily box office 
box office battle 

a bunch of 
A: I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer them real fast. Okay? So, clear your mind! Clear it right out!
B: Okay!

a few of

a couple of 
A: Did the lecturer suggest anything in particular?
B: Yeah. She recommended software called Vivat and I should book up for a couple of practice sessions using Vivat.

A: Now, there are a couple of books I'd like you to look at. Have you got a pen? Right... Approaches to Local History by John Mervis.
B: Right...

a cushion of air 
The main purpose of the first experiment is to show how hovercrafts work, and how things hover around on a cushion of air. 

a heavy demand for …
We do have a few rooms available for delegates at the conference centre. Those are very cheap but if you're interested you'll need to book soon, because there's always a heavy demand for them. 
a big/great demand for

a host of 
Despite the harsh criticism and a host of skeptics, the preparation for the talk show is proceeding apace. 

a matter of time 
The police said that it was just a matter of time before the murderer was put into prison. 

a multitude of 
Humans have adapted to a multitude of diets. The Western diet, however, is not one of them and we have higher rates of cancer and obesity than people on traditional diets. 


a multitude of

a piece of cake 
A: Don't forget to bring your ballet shoes for tomorrow's audition.
B: Ahhh! My teacher said it wasn't a dancing part.
A: Susan, all the roles got to dance a little. But believe me with your dance background it'll be a piece of cake.

a snap

a cake walk 
have one's cake and eat it too 
like hot cakes 
the icing on the cake 
have bigger fish to fry 
sugar-daddy 
limp as a noodle 

a range of …
A: And have you got any information on different train tickets types?
B: Yes. There's a range of ticket prices depending on when you travel and when you buy your tickets.
We'd like to develop equipment with a range of size. 
The famous talk show has attracted a wide range of audiences. 


arangearrange

a series of 
In the sixteenth century, the East End was still a series of separate, semi-rural settlements. 16

a set of 
CD players may be a good present for the dean, and also I thought maybe a set of dictionaries. I heard him say he needed a good one. CD

a shortage of 
There was a shortage of accommodation in East End, so marshland was drained and built on to house large number of people. 
be lack of

a slice of 
A: The canteen was absolutely packed and I had to wait for ages. Then when I got to the front of the queue they had hardly any food left. So I had to get you a slice of pizza. I'm sorry.
B: Oh, that's OK. I could eat anything. I'm so hungry.

a sort of 
An old friend acted as a sort of transport organiser for everyone and the Hotel Ali in Markech was a good social base—I'd really recommend it, although I can't remember who runs it. ——
I had a sort of feeling that he wouldn't come. 
a kind of

a stone's throw away from …
Although we are just a stone's throw away from you, life for us is very different. 

a variety of 
Tourists want to find a place which offer a variety of shopping. 
various

a vicious circle 
I have many women patients who say they have completely given up exercise because the pain makes them so miserable. But of course that starts up a vicious circle. 



air pollution 
ecological balance 
food chain 
waste disposal 

a wealth of 
Once corals die, their skeletons would become the habitat for a wealth of marine organisms and settlements of new coral recruits. 


a wealth ofknowledgeinformation

academic atmosphere 
You can get an objective opinion of what you can expect if you come to live and study at Rexford not only the academic atmosphere but important details like what the leisure facilities are like and whether the English weather and food are really as awful as everybody says! 

academic circle 
The corporate crime tends to be ignored in academic circle—there's far more research on conventional crime and far more data available. ——

access to …
A: Does the college library have access to computers?
B: Yes, your tutor will need to arrange with the technical support team for you to get a password, so ask him or her about it when you start the course.
Access to the auditorium is through the long corridor. 
A: Is there any difference between the two libraries?
B: Not in terms of their facilities. Access to online databases and the Internet is available at both sites and each site has a range of reference materials on education.
Access to the confidential documents is restricted to some managers in the company. 
have the right to; way in

account for 
I think I should start by emphasising that agriculture still accounts for a very important part of this country's economy. 
How do you account for your being late for school? 
make up, cover; make clear


adapt to 
Some animals became extinct because they could not adapt to the changing environment. 
adjust to

add up to 
The motorists must use detour routes through the national park which may add up to ten minutes of additional travel time. 

add...to 
The modifications will add about $25,000 to the price of a newly-built house. 25000

adept in 
A: In your résumé you say you are adept in English.
B: Yes, I'm English major at university.
good at

adjacent to 
Every house built on this site, not just those adjacent to the highway or nearest to the airport, will require high density insulation materials in the roof. 
next to

adjust to 
You'll have to start adjusting to teaching and learning methods that may be unfamiliar to you, as well as the mounting pressure as the deadline for that first assignment creeps on you. 
adapt to

adult education 
Please turn down the radio. I'm preparing for the entrance examination for adult education. 


（higher education）（vocational education）（further education）

advertising campaign 
A: Having read through the case study, can you just summarise what the problems were that Box Telecom had to take on board?
B: Well, of course what first came to their attention was that, despite a new advertising campaign, they were suffering from falling sales—and this is something that had many courses.

market research 
purchasing power 
market potential 
monthly report 
net income 
quality control 

advice on …
There's advice on how to get the most from your lectures, as well as how to prepare for exams. 
A: Did you have a question?
B: Yes, does the Students Union also provide help with any problems, I mean advice on financial problems, for example? Or does the University provide that?
A: Yes, the Union runs their own advice service, offering help with financial matters such as grants.

suggestion on

aerial photograph 
Not every student is expected to tell the advantages and disadvantages of aerial photographs. 

afford to 
I don't think I could afford to support myself with no salary for a whole year. 

agree on …
A: Do you want to talk me through what you've done on your dissertation?
B: Yeah, sure. Well, we have agreed on three main targets for me to aim for. The first one was to find out about suitable data analysis software.
consent to

agricultural workforce 
The two factors I should mention are both very important, the first one is the high level of training amongst the agricultural workforce, and secondly, the recognition by farmers of the value of investing in technology. 

ahead of time 
All the performances have been rehearsed time and again ahead of time. 
in advance

aim to 
The Helpline was set up ten years ago by the Students Union and it aims to provide new students to the university with a service. 

air conditioning 
A: Will audience find any difference in the auditorium?
B: Yes, we've increased the leg-room between the rows. And we've installed air conditioning, so it won't get so hot and stuffy.

all of a sudden 
I thought the course was going to be really easy at the beginning and then all of a sudden in the second half of the course we got a whole load of work, reading to do and essays and things. 
all at once

all set 
All my luggage have been packed. I guess I'm all set to get on the bus. 
all ready

all walks of life 
The members of the club come from all walks of life. 


all-talking film 
The film featured actors speaking only during parts of the film and was called The Jazz Singer, and it wasn't until 1928 that the first all-talking film was produced. 1928

alter the course of one's life 
We can at any time decide to alter the course of our lives. 

alternative fuel 
The salesman told me that the car ran on alternative fuel. 

alternative work 
In the sixteenth century, the first dock was dug, eventually making the East End the focus of massive international trade. And in the late sixteenth century, when much of the rest of England was suffering economically, a lot of agricultural workers came to the East End to look for alternative work. 1616

annual fee 
A: I noticed a fitness centre next to the college. Is that for students?
B: It's open to everyone, but students pay an annual fee that's much less than the general public pay.
annuity, yearly payment


annual fee

annual interest rate 
In this country the average credit card has an annual interest rate of 15.3%. 15.3％

anything but 
The food in this restaurant is anything but delicious. 

nothing but

apart from …
Apart from the rock salt, you only need a jar of water. 
Who else will quit the job apart from Tina? 
besides

appeal to …
It's important not to confine yourself to reading on your subject. You should also read things of general interest that appeal to you. 


appealtake an appeal toThe lawyer decided to take an appeal to the high court. 

appear to 
Shark-meshing does appear to be less effective than some other methods, especially when there are big seas with high rolling waves and strong currents and anything that lets the sand move—the sand that's holding the nets down. 
seem to

application form 
A: I've got the application form here. We have different types—I see you've got our leaflet there.
B: I've decided on the one called "Select."
You should first fill out the application form downloaded from the official website. 

apply for 
A: The bookshop said the essays about classroom management were out of print and the library doesn't have a copy.
B: Oh right, and I'm afraid I've lent my copy to another student. What I suggest you do is try the library again this time—apply for it through the service called special loan.
Please read the clauses carefully before applying for a personal loan. 

approach to （…）（…）
The seminar is aimed at students like you who are uncertain about what to expect at college, and looks at a fairly wide range of approaches to university learning, to motivate you to begin your study and build on your own learning strategies. 
a way of

argue over 
Many believe that the story first began in America in 1877, when two friends were arguing over whether a horse ever had all four feet or hooves off the ground when it galloped. 1877
debate on

argueargue the tossThere's no sense arguing the toss after the problems had been settled. 

Unit 2

arise from ……
The counselling service we offer deals with any problems arising from your studies, or your life outside the university. 
There are many health problems in your life arising from smoking and drinking. 
result from

art exhibition 
The program has sensational theatre, dance and also a large number of art exhibitions, but the thing the festival is most famous for is its great street music.


（National Gallery）

art gallery 
A large number of people were appreciating the paintings in the art gallery as it was raining outside. 
picture gallery

portrait 
statue 
profile 
aesthetic 
portray 

as a result 
I didn't prepare for the examine; as a result, I failed the exam. 

as a result of 
As a result of the general success of the program in Sydney, shark-meshing was introduced to the state of Queensland around 1970. 1970
because of

as a whole 
There are marked differences between regions, but this does not prevent quite a strong sense of solidarity amongst the farming community as a whole, right across the country. 
on the whole

as far as ………
I will help you to mend your bike as far as I can. 
so far as

as far as I know 
As far as I know, the two company have reached an agreement on that issue. 
as far as I'm concerned

as far as sth. is concerned …
As far as listening is concerned, I find it hard to keep up sometimes in lectures, especially two-hour ones. I sometimes just seem to go off into a dream. 
on the part of; in terms of

as I see it 
As I see it, the President doesn't have any choice. 
in my opinion

as long as 
I don't think I'll need too much extra time, as long as I can get hold of some important references. 
so long as

as much as 
A significant proportion of the lions' diet is made up of the livestock of these farmers—goats, chicken and so on—as much as a third, in fact. ————1/3

as though 
Low-frequency noise goes through the trees as though they aren't there. 
The little boy treats his elder brother as though he were a stranger. 
as if

as usual 
As usual, we hope to begin the season with a picnic next Saturday at the clubhouse. 
Despite her problems, she carried on working as usual. 

as well as 
The base of this cot could be raised or lowered into two different positions making it safe as well as convenient. 

ask for trouble 
Don't ask for trouble. 
borrow trouble

assembly line 
Assembly line is good for efficiency, but bad for creativity. 

assist with 
The sports psychologists help the athletes by improving motivation and concentration or assisting with stress management. 
help with

at a loss 
Maybe we're often at a loss how to choose when facing various kinds of fashion clothes. 


at a significant cost 
Modifications to houses will be necessary but they come at a significant cost to the developer and home buyer. 

at all times 
Locking doors at all times...men didn't think it was quite as important as women, but both gave it a high safety rating. 
all the time

at any time 
You're supposed to ask for a home visit before 10:30 in the morning, but obviously, if it's an emergency, you can phone at any time, night or day. 10:30
at all hours

at least 
At least, we've done the oral presentation—I thought that was good, the way I got my feedback really quickly. 
She may receive little education, but at least she is reliable. 
The interesting side of sports physiology, at least in my view, is the side that looks at the micro level, looking at cellular change. The researchers are doing cellular research, looking at changes in body cells when the body is under stress. 
no less than

at one time 
At one time the Asiatic lion was living as far west as Greece and they were found from there, in a band that spread east through various countries of the Middle East, all the way to India. 
once

at one's service 
I'm glad to be at your service, Sir. 

at risk 
We know from modern farming that if the level of breeding stock falls below about three hundred females, the future of the species locally is at risk. 300
at stake, in danger

at some stage 
I want to ask where the staff room is in case I need to find a teacher at some stage. 

at the end of ……
You've chosen to visit the rainforest in March, which is just at the end of the wet season, so you'll soon notice how well the waterfalls are running and also how damp the ground is. 
You will notice at the end of each corridor that there is another door but these are fire doors and are kept locked from the outside. 

at the expense of …
The rapid urbanisation in this country is occurring at the expense of both rural lifestyles and precious cultural heritage. 
at the cost of

at the moment 
At the moment, your task is to get over the difficulties and start afresh again. 
at present

at the outset 
Your tutors will tell you at the outset how to set out the chapters they require but you will need to ask them how they would like you to organise the bibliography because it varies depending on your subject area. 
at the beginning

at the top of ……
At the top of the faculty we have a dean and below the dean we have three divisions. 

at this stage 
I wouldn't bother with the article by Morris at this stage if I were you. 

at work 
They are at work for a new plan. 

attach...to …
A: When you get your sticker, you must attach it to the front windscreen of your car. I m afraid it's not valid if you don't have it stuck on the window.
B: Right, I see.
A
B
append...to


attempt to 
When pain strikes, we attempt to keep the back as immobile as possible, which makes the muscles tense up. Research shows that they often go into spasm, which causes further twisting of the spine. 

attitude towards …
We've been looking at the attitudes of various social and cultural groups towards the management of their personal finances—how important they feel it is to save money, and what they save their money for. ——

average salary 
A: Do you know the average salary in the USA?
B: I don't know.

baby cot 
Let's start by looking at baby cot, that's for children of up to three years old. 

baggage reclaim 
A: Excuse me, sir! Where is the baggage reclaim?
B: Just in front of you.

bail out …
Government should bail out more poor people in the economy crisis. 
help out

bank statement 
A: Shall I bring a bank statement, would that do?
B: That'll be fine.

The man told me that my checkbook stubs didn't tally with my bank statement. 

bank transfer 
You must understand that all payment can be in cash, cheque or bank transfer.
transfertransfer station 
bar graph 
The bar graph shows reasons why people change where they live. 

tablegraphtablegraph

bare skin 
The thing you should know is that certain plants can cause irritation if you touch them with bare skin. 

be absent from 
There is no excuse for you to be absent from school at your graduation ceremony. 

be accompanied by …
Children should be accompanied by their parents to watch the show. 
consort with

be addicted to …
Tracy was addicted to the computer games; as a result, she failed in the final examination. 


be against 
We really do not instruct workers on how to be against companies. 

be alienated from 
The manager is alienated from the rest of the company with various rumours surrounding him. 

be allergic to ……
I am allergic to some food. 
The young lady seems to be allergic to hard work. 
be sensitive to

be around the corner 
The financial expert warns fiscal chaos in the industry is right around the corner. 

be associated with …
The increased risk of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) seems to be associated with the birth weight. 

be attached to 
The factory is attached to our school. 
The girl is very much attached to her boyfriend and she couldn't even live without him. 

be attributed to 
Up to one-third of the diseases that afflict people can be attributed to negative environmental factors, such as toxic chemicals, polluted air, dirty water, poor sanitation. 1/3
be ascribed to

be based on 
The simple game is based on photos from students and teachers. 
on the basis of

be beneficial to …
The huge amount of green energy will be beneficial to the local area and will make a significant contribution towards the national energy targets. 

be best with 
In this case, I'd say pictures are best with individual children, because they give them an opportunity to let their imaginations run wild. 

be blamed for …
What does a course in sports studies involve? Well, you wouldn't be blamed for not knowing the answer to this question because sports studies as a discipline is still comparatively new. But it's a growing area and one which is now firmly established at our university. 


be to blame“…”

be bound for 
A: Where are you bound for, Jenny?
B: London.

be bound for

be bound to 
A: That new Indian restaurant is supposed to be excellent.
B: But it is bound to be packed.

be broken beyond repair 
Before he knew it, his car had run into the rock in the lake and was broken beyond repair. 


be close to 
I was close to tears when the tiger in the cage gave me quite a scare. 
There's I think at Rexford an excellent combination of physical and geographical advantages as well as having a rural setting and still being close to central London, and something that will certainly be of interest to you is that Rexford is just 35 minutes from London Airport. ——35
approach to

Unit 3

be closely linked to …
Access to clean water is closely linked to many factors such as pollution, human health and poverty.

be composed of …
Now you'll note that all of the subjects which you undertake in the first year are composed of lectures and tutorials. 
be consisted of, be comprised of

be concerned about 
The whole society should be concerned about the health of children. 
be worried about

be concerned with 
The book is primarily concerned with Soviet-American relations during the Cold War. 
The international community is more concerned with the country's military actions. 

be confronted with 
Many consumers, especially the young ladies, are always confronted with the seemingly contradictory choice of wanting to help the planet and the desire to buy the latest so-called "must-have" products. 
encounter

be confused about …
If you are confused about subjects or how to combine them in your degree, then we can advise you and discuss the career you are aiming for. 

be covered with …
The shark's skin isn't covered with scales, like other fish: instead the skin is covered with barbs, giving it a rough texture like sandpaper. 

be crazy about 
I'm crazy about opera while Thomas is crazy about cartoons. 

be dependent on/upon 
A: I'm really serious about improving my English so I'd prefer to be the only guest in the host family if that's possible.
B: No other guests... Yes, you get more practice that way. Anyway, obviously all this is partly dependent on how much you're willing to pay. What did you have in mind?
A: I was thinking in terms of about £60-£80 a week, but I'd go up to a hundred if it was something special.

be dotted with 
The lake near my house which was dotted with various kinds of cartoon boats attracts many children every day. 

be eligible for …
All banks offer special student accounts. However, it's important to note that as an international student you'll not necessarily be eligible for all the facilities offered to resident students. 

be embossed with ……
All bed linen and towels are clearly embossed with the name "Smith House" so it's easily identifiable. 

be entitled to (do) …／…／
What I suggest you do is try the library again—this time apply for it through the service called special loan. Have you done that before? You're entitled to six books a year. ——
All students at the college are entitled to become members of the Sports Center, for an annual fee of £9.50. 9.5
have access to

be equipped with 
Working becomes more convenient because offices have been equipped with modern facilities. 
be fitted out/up with

be expelled from ……
John was expelled from the school because he was absent from school five times in a month. 
be dismissed from


be familiar with 
You may be familiar with coffee processed by freeze-drying, which preserves the quality of the food product while making a large saving in weight. 

be fascinated by …
I am extremely fascinated by tattoos and see nothing but beauty and personality from them. 
be fond of

be flexible in …
You need to be more flexible in your approach. 

be fond of 
You know I am fond of collecting various stamps and I have already collected almost 2,000 stamps. 2000
show affection for

be fussy about …
People are very fussy these days about the sound system and in general I think the new directors ought to do lots more of these kinds of interview, you know, talking with their potential customers. 
be particular about, be critical about


“Don't be so fussy!”

be going extinct 
We know that unless we take action immediately, the species in rainforest will be going extinct. 


be going extinct
greenhouse effect 
environmental pollution 
poach 
deforestation 

be good with …
Dr Jones is very good with elderly people, but he tends to get a bit impatient with children. 
get along well with

be honest with ……
A: How did you find the whole experience?
B: I'll be honest with you. At the end of the first year I really wanted to leave West Africa and come home.

be ideal for ……
Videos, are ideal for use with everyone present in the class, especially when children have individual activity sheets to help them focus their minds on what's in the video. 

be impatient with …
She was always impatient with other people's advice. 

be in charge of 
Can you tell me who is in charge of the sales department? 
take charge of

be in good form/shape/health ／
If you keep doing exercises every day, you can be in good form all the time. 

be incapacitated with ……
The most recent available figures show that about a quarter of a million people are incapacitated with back pain every day. 25

be incompatible with ……
The experts think the rapid industrial growth is incompatible with environmental sustainability. 


incompatibleThe anti-virus software is incompatible with the computer. 

be innovative with …
I think the company will recover. That advertising campaign they did was very strong and they are very innovative with their products—they set new trends. ——

be keen on 
This country is keen on reaching bilateral agreements with its neighboring countries on various economic investments from oil to food. 

be likely to do 
The main priority for men when saving money is their retirement. When they're earning, they're far more likely to put money aside for their old age than women are. 

be located on 
The hotel is conveniently located on the center of the city. 
be situated in/at

be mad about …
Young people are always mad about playing computer games. 


be mad at ……
Here are the detailed steps that can help you determine whether a girl is mad at you. 
be angry about

be made into 
In Africa ostriches' feathers were used for tribal ceremonial dress and they were also exported to Europe and America where they were made into ladies' fans and used for decorating hats. 

be made of …
When I was a little child, most of the buildings in town were made of red bricks. 


be made frombe made ofbe made from

be motivated to do 
We are discussing how children can be motivated to study foreign languages. 
be spurred on to do

be nervous of …
There's no need to be nervous of the rainforest provided that you treat it with respect and common sense. 

be on speaking terms 
George's professional success was enormous, but his personal life wasn't as successful. He was no longer on speaking terms with his brother and had been devastated by the death at the age of seven of his elder daughter, Josephine. 

be on the safe side 
A: First thing...numbers...have we got anything definite?
B: Well...I've been working it out and I think 40 to 43.
A: Shall we put 45 to be on the safe side?
B: Yep, fine.

be open to ……／
During the course of this morning we hope to give you a clear idea of what we offer in our training programs and we will look at the types of course and the entry requirements, if any, for those courses. Some of these courses are open to school leavers, but for some you need previous qualifications, or relevant successful employment. 

be opposed to …
A total of 70 percent of voters in this country said they were opposed to abortion with 48 percent saying they strongly opposed abortion. Just 15 percent of those polled said they favor legal abortions. 70％48％15％
be against

be packed with 
Flights from the UK to US destinations of San Francisco and Los Angeles were packed with the famous singer's fans. 
be teemed with

be parallel to …／
The soldiers in this isolated island are parallel to those fighting in the battlefield. 

be popular among …
The mini skirt was not very popular among the girls but nowadays the girls are crazy about them. 
be popular with


be prepared to do 
I think the company is much more cautious than we thought and expect they will start trying to find individuals who'd be prepared to back them with some of the capital they need. 

be prone to 
Women are prone to be influenced by commercial ads of various forms. 
tend to

be proud of …
It's weird that Nancy is never proud of her motherland. 

be relevant to …
There comments are not directly relevant to the enquiry. 
A person's gender isn't relevant to whether he/she can do a good job. 
be related to

be removed from ………
There are fat soluble vitamins which can be stored for quite some time by the body and there are water soluble vitamins which are removed more rapidly from the body and so a regular daily intake of these ones is needed. 
keep...at arm's length

be replaced with …
We would like the current reading room to be replaced with a small gym. 
be substituted for


be responsible for …
A: Do you think the hotel should be responsible for the loss?
B: Of course.

assume responsibility for

be satisfied with …
A: Are you satisfied with the teaching method of my English teacher?
B: Not at all.

be content with

be shocked to do 
We were quite shocked to discover that only 9% of people here in the UK make an effort to recycle their household waste. 9％

be shouted at 
As you can see, 93% of respondents had had some kind of problem. A surprisingly large percentage—24% had had their car damaged in some way, but the main type of incident was being shouted at—69% had experienced that. 93％24％——69％

be sick with …
A: Hi Mike, so what happened to you last week?
B: Oh, I was sick with the flu.

Unit 4

be stuck on …
The only problem anyone could find in this cot was that there were pictures which were simply stuck on and so could easily become detached. 
be fascinated by

be suited to 
Single-speed cycles—that is bikes with no gears, are really only suited to short, casual rides. 


ill-suitedwell-suited

be supposed to do 
Back in 1928 the British writer George Bernard Shaw wrote in his Intelligent Women's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism that "A man is supposed to understand politics, economics and finance and is therefore unwilling to accept essential instruction." 1928·“”

be taken aback …
A: What was the weather like?
B: It got us right from day one and we were pretty taken aback to find that it rained on quite a number of days, and so we were forced to start re-planning our route.
be shocked by


take backbe taken aback

be taken to court 
Parents of undisciplined pupils could be taken to court by teachers under act to be announced by the government. 

be teeming with 
Deep into the forest are at least 100 lakes that may be teeming with microscopic organisms. 100
be filled with

be told to do 
A: Good morning, can I help you?
B: I was told to come over here to get a parking sticker. Is this the right place?
A: Yes, it is.

be torn between...and ……／
Everyone will be torn between being single and being married or in a relationship at their twenties. 20

be unfamiliar to …／
This new invention is unfamiliar to most of the people. 

be unwilling to do 
He was unwilling to marry the young woman. 


be vital to ……
Water from these underground reservoirs bubbles to the surface as springs in some parts of the country, and these rare sources of permanent water were vital to early explorers of inland Australia, and to other pioneers last century, who used the springs for survival. 
be essential to

be well off 
There are two practices near here, so we are quite well off for doctors in this part of Manchester. 

beauty saloon 
A: How long do you go to the beauty saloon?
B: Once a week.

beautician 
colour cosmetic 
perfume 
skincare 
plastic surgery 
personal care 

bed linen 
This store has a good reputation for selling bed linen with nice quality. 

sheet 
pillow 
quilt 
mattress 
blanket 
quilt cover 

belong to 
The future does not belong to those who gather armies on battlefield; the future belongs to the people with the education and imagination to create. 


sth. belongs to sb. 

bend over 
You just need to bend the flaps over and stick them with glue or prittstick. 

benefit from 
We're always interested to hear of other places that would benefit from receiving a consignment of bikes, and welcome suggestions from people who've been to developing regions on their travels. 

best buy 
This cot will be safe in every way; we have made it our best buy. 
a good deal, an excellent buy

best man 
We want John to be our best man but he refuses us. 

beware of 
Most of the animals and wildlife are gentle and harmless. There are some venomous snakes to beware of, but really they're much more frightened of you than you are of them. 

bid for 
A: Have you heard that London has successfully bid for the next Olympic Games?
B: Of course, it deserves that.
make bid for

blame for …
The British diet could be partially to blame for increase in back pain. 
be responsible for

blood pressure 
Let me feel your pulse and test your blood pressure. 


blow up 
A: What do you do with the balloons and the table?
B: Er, you blow up the balloons and balance the table on them.
explode; become public

boarding school 
Joe's mom wants to send him to the boarding school. 


（public school）（private school）

book over the phone 
Booking over the phone is not allowed, so you have to come here in person, with your card, when you want to book. 

book...in …
A: What do I have to do if I want to join in this class?
B: Well, we book you in for an assessment with an instructor, who will show you how to use all the equipment.
make a reservation for

book up 
A: The sessions sound really good and I'll certainly book up for the next two weeks.
B: Lovely. Thanks very much for ringing.

boost one's confidence 
Yoga is a best way to boost one's confidence and self-esteem. 

boost the efficiency of …
The auto company aims to boost the fuel efficiency of its models 30 percent by 2020, and develop "electrical device solutions" and a new hybrid. 202030％

bother to do 
You needn't bother to come to my house and cook for us. 
take the trouble to do

bother with ……
John didn't bother with his English homework. 
worry about


box office 
The tickets are available from the box office, in person, by phone, fax or post, or online.
ticket office, booking office

box office receipts/takings

brand name 
A: Any marks or badges on the briefcase that make it stand out?
B: Only the brand name.

brandbrand switch brand identification 

break down 
Maybe you need to do something different every day, so if you break down your revision into small tasks, and allocate them to specific days, there's more incentive to tackle them. 
take apart

break off 
Huge iceberg breaks off the continent each year, while in winter half the surrounding ocean freezes over, which means its size almost doubles. 
The overseas students may have interrupted personal relationships or even sometimes have broken them off to come overseas, and so the students often feel lonely, unhappy, unmotivated and unable to concentrate on studying. 
cut off

break records/the record 
The swimmer did everything he could to break the record in this match. 
beat the record

break with …／
Don't bother him. He's just broken with his girlfriend. 

breeze through 
The little boy breezed through the tests. 

bring about …
The cultivation of crops and the husbandry of livestock brought about changes in people's lifestyle such as the type of shelters they made. 
lead to

bring along …
A: If possible, could you bring along bottle tops which the children might be able to use in the models, you know, as decoration?
B: We'll certainly try to find some for you.
Well, it was very enjoyable and just to give you an idea of what the pupils produced. I've brought along three hats to show you. 

bring out 
A: Do you know the year or the model name of your car?
B: I think it's 1996, and it's called a Lion—like the animal.
A: Then it must be 1994, because the manufacture brought out the Fox after that.
produce, manufacture; publish

bring up 
In the first week, we run a series of talks which focus on different aspects of the library and its resources. You'll also find that to get the most out of the library you really do need to be computer literate and so all this term we run small classes which will bring up to speed on how to access the computer-loaded information. 
The manager was brought up and charged with drunk driving. 
The journalist's question brought the actor up short. 
cultivate

broadband connection 
A: What's wrong with my computer?
B: Maybe the broadband connection doesn't work.

brush up lessons 
As term examine is approaching, you'd better start brushing up your lessons. 
go over lessons

budge price range 
We tested three different cots all in the budget price range and, as usual, we will feature the good points, the problems. 

“range”
working range 
middle range 
age range 
a wide/narrow range of ／

build up 
A: What are the problems that you've been having?
B: Well, no one thing is really dangerous or anything, but you know, it's just been building up.

build up one's confidence 
I think that I really need some help in preparing for the coming semester, especially to build up my confidence a bit and help me study effectively. 

bullet point 
Bullet point is an item which is printed with a square, diamond or circle in a document to show that it is important.

bump into 
I'm glad I've bumped into you. I've just found a great idea for the presentation we've got to do for Dr Banks next month. 

burn out 
Burning out often occurs among young people because they do not relax and enjoy their lives that they are busily creating. 
be knocked up

bus route 
Every morning there are many students and old people on this bus route, so we need more buses. 


get on/off ／
bus stop 
conductor 
swipe card 
stand clear 
platform 

buy sb. out 
A: What do you think the company will do?
B: Hmm... Well, obviously they have the choice of accepting the very favourable terms that another company—KPMG—have given them to buy them out. That would mean creating a new company with a new image.

by hand 
Toughened glass used for cooking doesn't fully melt at the temperature required for other glass, and so that also has to be picked out by hand. 
manually

by heart 
A: Do you need any ID or any thing like that?
B: Yes, we need your driver's license number, that is if you have one.
A: Yes, I know it off by heart, it's an easy one, 2020BD. Do you need to see it?
B: I'm afraid I do.
A2020BD
B
from memory

by installment 
Don't worry! You can pay for the house by installment payment. 



an excessive amount 
mortgage 
time loan 
grant a loan 
heavily in debt 
debt ceiling 

by means of 
While most other animals, including fish, hunt their prey by means of their eyesight, sharks hunt essentially by smell. 
by way of

by profession 
A: And your occupation?
B: Well, I'm in Britain as a project manager, but that's not my main job. I'm an engineer by profession.

by the middle of …
By the middle of the 19th century, in 1850 that is, the figure had fallen sharply to 10%, and then to 3% by the middle of the 20th century. 19185010％203％

by the way 
By the way, if you want more information about any of the trips, have a look at the student newspaper. 

call...out 
Our daughter, Anna, isn't well this morning and I may have to call somebody out. 

call slip 
Please fill out all the information required on this call slip. 

cancel one's reservation 
Sorry, I'm afraid I have to cancel my reservation. 
call off one's reservation

Unit 5

capable of doing 
As you know, sharks have a reputation for being very dangerous creatures capable of injuring or killing humans, and I'd like to talk about sharks in Australia. 
able to do

car exhaust fume 
This kind of new fuel can help to reduce the emission of car exhaust fume. 
The target for the UK means that by 2008 we must reduce our carbon dioxide emissions by 12.5%, compared with 1990. 2008199012.5％


carry on 
We managed to ensure the bikes went out on time, but the other problems carried on for several months. 
go on

carry out 
After three years of studying, I wanted adventure. I loved traveling, so I decided to join a voluntary organization and was sent to Ecuador to carry out land surveys. 


carry-out

case study 
A: Is there anything I should do before the course, like reading or anything?
B: We prefer to integrate reading with the course, so we don't give out a reading list in advance. But we like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.

casestudy［s］bus stoptake carecase study

cash the check/cheque 
A: May I help you?
B: I'd like to cash the check.

cashpoint machine 
You can withdraw cash from a cashpoint machine with a cash card. These are extremely useful as they enable you to withdraw cash from your account during the day or at night. 
Automatic Teller Machine


cast one's eyes along 
During the economy crisis, people tend to cast their eyes along small amount of investments. 
When we finally stop at the centre of an aisle, we pause and take stock, casting our eyes along the length of it. Now products displayed here sell well and do even better if they are placed at eye level so that the customer's eyes hit upon them instantly. 
take a glance at

catch a glimpse of 
The tour leaves at sundown and lets you catch a glimpse of some more of the rainforest's wildlife as it comes out at dusk to feed. 

catch sb. red handed 
I heard the thief was caught red handed in the supermarket. 

green hand 
blue moon 
blue chip 
black sheep 
red letter days 
black letter days 
white elephant 
white night 
white sale 
white lie 

cater for 
A: Does the refectory cater for special diets? I have some food allergies.
B: Provided you warn the refectory in advance, it won't be a problem.
Each day we offer three separate walks catering for all skills and fitness levels. 
provide for


catering servicecateringaccommodationcatering and accommodation 

certificate course 
For Sports Administrators we provide a four-month certificate course but you should be aware that this is designed for those who are in employment. 

change one's mind 
A: I wanted to get my things moved into my room, and just take a look around here. So, did you decide to do English in the end?
B: No, I changed my mind and opted for history instead. And you're doing biology, if I remember correctly.

charter flight 
There's the Ticket Shop, where you can get some very good deals on, well for examples, coaches to London or inexpensive charter flights, as cheap as you'll get anywhere people say, or tickets for big pop groups playing here or at other venues all over the country. 

tourist class 
cabin class 
first class 
passenger cabin 
boarding gate 
boarding pass/check 
jet lag 
flight schedule 
forced landing 

chase up 
We can chase up your tutor if you're not getting proper feedback on how you are getting on in your subject. 

chat with …
You can chat with an artificial intelligence robot over the website. Please choose a robot to talk with. 

check in 
Passengers are supposed to check in at least an hour before airplane's departure. 
sign in, book in

check on 
I think I'd better check on prices for CD player. CD
A: Can you check on the deadline for my term paper?
B: Certainly, please wait for a moment.

check out 
A: What about the reading materials? Have you checked out the journal articles in the list?
B: Umm, no, not yet, there were about twenty of them, and I wasn't sure which ones would be most useful or important.
If you don't check out at the delivery desk, you will be fined. 

reference stacks 
delivery desk 
call slip 
admission card 
renew 
closed reserved 
not for circulation 
out circulation 
in circulation 
return in time 
date of expiry 
inter-library service 

check/cheque account 
Can you remember last year's check account rate? 

cheer...up …
The zookeeper cheered a depressed panda up by putting a TV set in its cage. 

cheering section 
The cheering section is always the hottest association in high school. 


church service 
Maybe we should go to the Cathedral today because it's Sunday tomorrow, and even though it's open every day it might be more difficult to get in tomorrow because of the church services. 


choir 
hymn 
preach 
priest 
go to church 
worship 

civil servant 
The supervisory system of civil servant is of importance to establish efficient, incorrupt government and select highly qualified civil servant's team.
public servant

classical literature 
Do you know how many customs are described in the classical literature? 

romantic literature 
realistic literature 
contemporary literature 
popular literature 
light literature 
love story 
detective story 
mystery story 
deluxe binding 
flat stitching 

classical music 
The academy's theory is that, apart from being an excellent musician, success also means being an educator for classical music. 

blues 
jazz 
string 
wind instrument 
pop music 

clean up 
A: Look, the room is in a mess. I don't know how to do.
B: What you should do is to clean up the toys and put them into the wardrobe.
tidy up

clear off 
After ten years' hard working, the poor man has finally cleared off the debt. 
run away

closed reserve 
A: Won't everyone take the books out of the library as soon as they get the reading list?
B: Well, yes, they might. But most of the important ones are held in Closed Reserve...that's a part of the library where you can go to read books but you can't take them out of the building.

closed stacks 
Many foreign college libraries have both open and closed stacks. 

coffee break 
A: We usually go round with an envelope to send invitations during coffee break. Don't we?
B: Yeah, coffee break's always the best time.

come along 
Thank you very much for coming along with us today. 
Come along! Let's go together. 

come to an end 
The project came to an end after five years and when I returned to the UK in 1998, I started planning the charity base. 1998
end up

come to nothing 
A: What most concerns me is I'm still not doing very well in my assignments.
B: Well, I know that you plan your writing carefully, but this can come to nothing if the assignment doesn't answer the question.

fall flat

come true 
A dream came true in 1995, when over 96 days of the spring and summer, and expedition of four men undertook what they believed to have been the first and only complete end-to-end crossing of Morocco's Attora mountains. 199596

come up to 
I have a handout here with references on the subject, so if you are interested, please come up to the desk and take a copy. 

come up with 
Because not all paperclips are of the same length, students should come up with some strange answers. 
A: If you could search out some silver paper to bring along to use in the sessions, you know, it's shiny—it looks like water, that'd be great.
B: Yes, of course. We'll see what we can come up with. Well, thank you ever so much for all your help.

catch up with

commercial value 
Those sports stars can achieve their commercial value by taking advertising for commercial company. 

commercial/merchant bank 
A: Excuse me, how can I get to the nearest commercial bank?
B: Sorry, I'm a stranger.

agricultural bank 
communication bank 
industrial and commercial bank 
construction bank 
investment bank 
joint venture bank 

commit a crime 
The employees may be involved in the crime, but they're acting in the first place for the company or they may not even realise they're committing a crime. 


crime rate 
juvenile crime 
continuous crime 
habitual criminal 
criminal motive 
criminal gang 
criminal case 
civil case 

common sense 
You couldn't totally rely on your common sense to answer those questions. 

communicate with …
I think you should learn to communicate with your parents. 
exchange ideas with

compare with …
The educationist found that some parents always compared their own children with other kids. 
in comparison with

compatible with …
Google said that its web-based messaging platform is now more compatible with the Microsoft Outlook. 

compensate for 
Unfortunately, the sound on this early film was not very good and I believe the producers put subtitles on the film—that is, they printed the dialogue along the bottom of the film to compensate for this poor sound quality. ——

compete with …
Sport used to just compete with sport. Nowadays it competes with other leisure activities. The spectators go to sport to be entertained rather than out of loyalty to a team. 

complain about 
It is impolite to complain about the food in front of the cook. 
make complaint about

compound apartment 
It is Christine's dream to buy a luxurious compound apartment at central New York. 

computer literate 
It is quite necessary for young people to be computer literate. 

concentrate on 
Many students find it's hard to concentrate on their studying after long vacation. 
be absorbed in

concessions for ……
Now, by far the most useful type of account to open is a current account. When you do this, you will actually get what is called a student account which is a current account with special concessions for students. 

confine oneself to (doing) 
You should not confine yourself to some general, ambiguous remarks on this occasion. 

confirm a reservation 
I'd like to confirm the reservation for three rooms in this hotel. 

consist of …
Back in the first to the fourth century AD, when the Romans controlled England London grew into a town of 45,000 people, and what's now the East End—the area by the river Thames, and along the road heading north-east from London to the coast—consisted of farmland with crops and livestock which helped to feed that population. 4.5————
Two main cereal crops were introduced to Ireland during this time: wheat and barley, both in several varieties. The main evidence for their presence consists of impressions on pottery, where a cereal grain accidentally became embedded in the surface of a pot before it was fired. 
constitute, make up of

contact lenses 
My contact lenses fall out. Can you help me find them? 

contrary to …
Contrary to what you might imagine, the size of the cycle is not determined by the size of the wheels (except in children's cycles), but by the size of the frame. 

contribute to …
Few house had electricity at the beginning of twentieth century, so other sources of power were used, like coal for the fires which heated perhaps just one room. Of course, the smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution for which London used to be famous. 20
Her positive attitude contributes to her success. 
be helpful to

convert into 
The original house was converted into a residential college for the university in 1940 and since then has continued to be added on to and modernized. 1940

convince sb. of 
Mother tries to convince her daughter of the nonexistence of fairy tales. 

cooperate with …
I like playing basketball because it can make me stronger and train me to cooperate with others. 
work with

cope with 
Of course, you have to cope with all the pressure without your usual social network—you know, the social contacts, family and friends you could normally rely on for help. ——
deal with

Unit 6

corporate loan 
The problem is whether the corporate loan market is globally integrated. 

correspondence course 
Peter has studied laws through a correspondence course in the past three years and now he becomes a lawyer. 

cost sb. an arm and a leg 
I quickly told her that I knew that it would cost me an arm and a leg to buy a dress for her. 

cough up 
Then they bring up all the indigestible bits of skeleton and, of course, the wings in a pellet—a small ball of waste material which they cough up. 
spit up, hand over

counselling service 
The organization offered counselling service for the students. 


count on 
We must count on your support and cooperation, and we are certain that we—in the spirit of partnership—will be able to steer this case to a successful conclusion. 
depend on

count towards 
A: What kind of course work would I have to do?
B: Well, it's a mixture. You'd be expected to write an essay each month, which counts towards your final assessment.
figure in

course arrangement 
Teachers are discussing the course arrangement for the next semester. 

course code 
A: Let's have a look at them. What do we have to do?
B: Let's fill in the top first, let's see, Course, Course code.

course feedback form 
A: Ben—I just remembered I never filled in that form for Nick—did you do it?
B: The course feedback form?
A: Yes. If you want, we can do it together, and I've got mine here.

cover an area of …
The new park is under construction and it will cover an area of two square kilometers. 

cover the cost of …
I wonder if this amount will cover the cost of accommodation. 

crack down 
Facing an increasingly serious official corruption, the government of every country has made a serial of policies to crack down. 

cramming teaching 
Cramming teaching is harmful to the development of students' learning ability. 

credit card 
A: Can I pay that by credit card?
B: I'm afraid not. You'll have to send a cheque to us, or you can pay at the conference office.

（check）（cash）（bank transfer）

credit point 
Tomorrow I'll tell you the easy way to earn a credit point. 

creep up on …
Tiredness can easily creep up on you while you are driving. 

crime rate 
Why is the crime rate in this area still on the rise? 

overpopulation 
unemployment 
medical care 
housing problem 
environmental pollution 
wealth distribution 
urban sprawl 
social instability 

cross-country race 
Henry has beaten his opponent in the latest cross-country race. 


culture shock 
When Chinese come to Western countries they may experience a great culture shock. 

cup of tea 
The proposal made by the new comer is just my cup of tea. 
The TV series is popular with a certain type of young girls, but to be frank it is not my cup of tea. 

currency exchange 
A: Excuse me, can you tell me where the currency exchange is?
B: Over there.

current account 
A: Is it a current account or a deposit account you wanted?
B: A current account.

Saving your money in a current account gives you less interest than in a fixed rate bond for five years. 

current affair 
Internet brings us news about current affairs and thus helps us know what is happening at home and abroad. 

curriculum schedule 
Make sure you get your curriculum schedule before the class begins. 

curriculum vitae 
Please send your curriculum vitae to our website. 

CVrésumé

cut down 
About borrowing books, I'm living out of town, so I'm hoping I can borrow quite a few items, and cut down on the number of trips I have to make. 
decrease

cut out 
In those areas with sealed windows it will be necessary to fit fans with absorbers to cut out the noise. 

dash off 
A: How long did you work on the whole draft?
B: Well, I spend about two or three weeks reading and doing general research and then I dashed the writing off very quickly...so about four weeks in all.

date back to 
The custom dates back to medieval times. 

date of expiry 
He promises to see about the date of expiry and return the book in time. 

daytime phone number 
In the Yellow Pages you will find the daytime phone number of the company. 

dead easy 
Now, going on to suggestions for improvement, one thing that wasn't so good, I think we could have done a bit more work at the beginning, I mean at the beginning it seemed dead easy. 

deaddead suredead serious

deal with 
These books are all useful, but I don't expect anyone to read them all, because a number of them deal with the same issues. 
cope with

death toll 
It's reported that death toll has increased in the earthquake. 

debate on...with ……
He has been debating on the Critical Period Hypothesis with the other linguists for a decade. 

department store 
A: I don't think small shops can compete with large department stores.
B: Every coin has two sides.

departmental library 
If we tried to use interviews, I saw a book in the departmental library that'll be helpful: it's called Interviews That Work, by Wilson, published in Oxford in 1988. 1988

departure lounge 
The new departure lounge will open to the public next month. 

duty-free shop 
excess charge 
vacant seat 
direct/non-stop flight 
connecting flight 
destination 
flight number 
flight record 
departure time 
airport terminal 
luggage locker 
luggage claim 

depend on/upon 
I don't want to depend too much on my parents. 
It would depend on the circumstances. 

deposit account 
I'd like to open a deposit account in that bank. 

bank book 
earn interest 
check account 
annual interest rate 
blank check 
exchange rate 

deposit money in a bank 
You should deposit money in the bank rather than put it at home. 

descend from …
The early farmers kept various animals, including cattle and sheep. There's also evidence of pigs, but it is possible that these could have been descended from the native wild species.
originate from

die a death 
Our resident expert Liz will tell us which gadgets are worth buying and which will die a death. 

die out 
The prince was very wealthy, and he managed to protect the lions—otherwise they'd probably have died out completely. 
become extinct

dip into （…）
Levis dipped into the old newspaper for inspiration. 
look through

diploma course 
Mary is studying a higher diploma course of computer in a private school. 

direct line number 
If you want to organize a trial session and look around the center, you'll need to speak to David Kynchley. I'll give you his direct line number. ·

number
emergency contact/telephone number 
passport number 
master card number 
credit card number 
ID number 

direct/non-stop flight 
Susan is going to take a direct flight to Paris. 

discussion group 
A: Would you like to join our discussion group?
B: I'd like to, but I have promised John to join theirs.

（lecture）（presentation）（tutorial）（field trip）

dispute against/with …
I have no time to dispute with you over such a naive topic. 
debate with

distance education 
There are pros and cons about distance education. 

divide into …
The fourth experiment is called "Spinning Color Wheel." It looks like you get some cardboard and draw a circle on it, divide it into six equal segments and color each one in using different colors, then you thread a piece of string through the middle. 
To help things run smoothly, we have divided you into four teams—the blue team, the green team, the red team, and the yellow team. ——
split into

divide up 
First, I'll explain how the teams are divided up and then we'll be giving you color-coded T-shirts so we can identify you more easily. T

divorce rate 
The high divorce rates in North America are creating a poverty cycle for women. 

do a face-to-face interview 
A: Do we have to use any particular method to get our data? Can we mail out a questionnaire, or do face-to-face interviews, or maybe even observations?
B: Well actually, it looks like we don't have a choice. We have to do telephone interviews.

do a presentation on …
Today Vivien is going to do a presentation on the hat-making project she did with her class during her last teaching practice. 

do background reading 
The course requires students to do a huge amount of background reading. 

do further study 
That is all we have for this morning, but you will be able to do further study on this important area in the library. 
pursue further education

do housework 
A: Who does housework in your family?
B: My mother.

do one's homework

do jogging 
A: When did you start to do jogging?
B: About one year ago.

go hiking 
make an excursion 
stay/keep in shape 
gain/put on weight 
sports center 
sports facilities 
health club 
team sports 

Unit 7

do...a favor 
A: Could you do me a favor, if it's not too much trouble?
B: Yeah, anything.
help/assist...

do some trips 
A: My family and I are staying in Trebirch for a week or two and we wanted to know about the train services. We're hoping to do some local trips.
B: Ok. Well, I can give you lots of details about all the trains going from Trebirch.

do...on one's own 
I mean the biggest difference between college and school is that new college students really have to do a lot of work on their own, and it's sometimes useful to get advice on how to take control of your time and work effectively. 

domestic market 
A: Do we export lots of bananas overseas, to Europe and Asia for instance?
B: Well, oddly enough, no. They're mostly grown for the domestic market, which is surprising when you think about it because we grow an enormous number of bananas each year.
national market

double lock 
The little girl double locked her door and had been in her room for two hours. 

double unit 
A: I lecture on that program. What do you need to know?
B: Quite a few things, actually. Firstly, how many lectures a week do I have to attend?
A: Ah, well, the Economics Ⅰ course is a double unit so there are two lectures a week and one tutorial.

unitunitwhole unithalf unit

double-bed room 
A: What can I help you?
B: I want to book a double-bed room.

single room

draft an outline 
A: Have you drafted an outline for your program?
B: Not yet.

draft plan 
Please present your draft plan the day after tomorrow. 
A: Do we have to have our own draft plan by 31 January?
B: No, your draft plan is due on 7 February, which is a week later, so that should give you plenty of time.

draw out 
If you want to draw out cash for yourself you can make the cheque payable in your own name or to cash. 

draw the line 
A: Do we invite faculty heads?
B: No, better draw the line between the dean and the ordinary teacher.

draw up
The SU (student union) Committee collated the results and drew up a report. 
Maybe we could draw up a table and look at examples of each medium in turn. 
A: The target was to draw up a survey checklist which I...
B: Yes, you e-mailed me it last week.
A: Have you had a chance to look...?
B: Of course, um I think it's good. Very much on the right lines.

sketch out, make out a draft of

dress rehearsal 
I am stunned by your performance at the dress rehearsal. 

dressing room 
A: Is there anything different in the auditorium for the performers?
B: Yes, we've made a number of improvements backstage. The small, dark dressing rooms we used to have have been converted into two large airy rooms, so they're much more comfortable now.

fitting room, changing room

dressing table/dresser 
bedside cabinet 
candlestick 
wardrobe 
cosmetic products 
skin care 

drop down 
On the minus side, our testers did not like the fact that the side of the cot did not drop down, making it difficult to pick up newborn babies. 

drop in 
I think the counselling sessions would be useful for everybody but well, everybody has their own way of going about things. I prefer people just to drop in when they can. 

drop out of 
If you fail a subject or drop out of a course because it's too difficult then your self-esteem can suffer. 

drop-out rate 
The drop-out rate of schools in this region is appalling. 

unemployment rate 
interest rate 
birth rate 
death rate 
exchange rate 
divorce rate 

dry up 
You generally think of Africa as being a very hot and dry place, but it is not in comparison with Australia. In many parts of Australia standing water, that is dams, puddle and so forth, dry up rapidly and some rainfall barely penetrates the soil. 
run dry

due to 
The student's failing in the examination was due to the headache. 
because of, owing to

duty-free shop 
There are some duty-free shops in my city and I like to go there for shopping. 

grocer 
toy store 
flower shop 
leather shop 
antique shop 
stationery shop 
book store 
snack bar 
pharmacy 
food store 

eager to do 
Playing football makes Jason energetic and eager to engage in the work of the day. 
keen to do

eat out 
A: What exactly do we have to do?
B: Well, it says here we have to look at one area of the entertainment industry. There's a list of the different types.
A: What are they?
B: Music, cinema, theatre, sport, and eating out.

ecological balance 
The protection of ecological balance counts on everyone of us. 

protected species 
endangered species 
conservation area 
national reserve 
food chain 
biological diversity 
environment-friendly products 

education system 
I think the education system in our country focuses enough on science and technology. 

curriculum 
teaching method 
syllabus 
the credit system 
ways of examining students 
quality of school 
required/compulsory course 
elective/optional course 
basic course 

either...or ………
If you don't want to do the whale watch cruise, your guide will take anyone who is interested either on a bushwalk through the national park near the hotel, and there's no extra charge for that, or on a fishing trip. 

electronic gadget 
Children today like to play indoors because all their favorite electronic gadgets, computer games and toys are all there. 

eligible to do 
A: What about facilities for young children? I'd like to bring my daughter here while I'm studying.
B: How old is she?
A: Three.
B: Then she's eligible to join the nursery, which is supervised by a qualified nursery nurse. The waiting list for a place is quite long though, so you ought to apply now.

entitled to do

embark on/upon 
Setting up an ostrich farm isn't something to embark on lightly. 
Richard, a famous walker, embarks on his new journey to the Africa. 
go about

emphasize on 
As an English teacher, you should emphasize on practical skills rather than too much theoretical knowledge. 
place an emphasis on

enable...to do …
The new programme enables older people to study at college. 
Insulin enables the body to use and store sugar. 

end up ……
If you go on like this you will end up in prison. 
It is ironic that he dreams of becoming an astronaut but ends up being a waiter. 
A: I've been looking at some of last year's dissertations. Is that a good idea, sir? I heard...
B: Well, I don't think you should read them in details too early or you might end up taking more of their ideas than you realize.
wind up

end with …
The day doesn't end with the return to base...after our dinner at communal tables designed to make all our guests feel part of a family atmosphere...entertainment is laid on nearly every night. 
finish with

endangered species 
The global crisis for endangered species is more serious than the financial crisis, with numbers of endangered animals and plants rising at high rates. 

enjoy a superb reputation 
The annual movie festival continues to enjoy a superb reputation with many visitors planning their weekend to the resort. 
enjoy a good reputation

enquire about 
A: Hello. Er, I'm Dawn Mathews.
B: Yes, hello. I've been referred to you because I'm enquiring about the refresher course that you run.
inquire about


enrol on 
This college is one of the educational institutions which offer night classes in money management, and increasing numbers of women are enrolling on such courses. 
register, join (in), become a member, enter

enrollment fee 
A: Is there an enrollment fee?
B: Well, er, just a minute, let's see...the cost is thirty pounds, which includes all course materials and morning tea. You have to arrange your own lunch.

enrollment form 
A: I'd better go home and fill in the enrollment form. Thanks for all your help.
B: You're welcome. Goodbye.

registration form


enrollment form
admissions office 
faculty 
letter of recommendation 
application form 
score report 

entertainment facilities 
The stores and entertainment facilities were all gone after the riot. The city had lost its functioning as a city. 

entertainment industry 
In 1968, a shy, talented pop singer made his mark on the global entertainment industry. 1968

even though 
There was no hesitation and Sebastian George bought the house immediately, for £9,300, even though the house had no bathroom, no running water upstairs, and no electricity. ·9300
even if

every walk of life 
In my spare time I prefer to hang out with my friends, and going to a bar for a couple of beers is one of my favorites. Through this I can expand the circle of my social relations, as I meet people from every walk of life in the bar. 
all kinds of occupations

sales industry 
power industry 
insurance industry 
Internet industry 
food industry 
TV industry 

evolve into 
The professor told us how the early football evolved into its modem form. 
develop into

except for 
A: Would you be willing to attend any of our special promotions for the new channel?
B: Yes, I'd be very happy to, as long as they're held here in my area.
A: OK, I'll make a note of that. And finally, may we put you on our mailing list?
B: Well, I'd prefer not...except for the information about the promotion you mentioned.

excess charge 
Just bring the necessaries with you, then you can avoid an excess charge at the airport. 

exchange rate 
The exchange rate was looking healthy, but when I went to the teller, they told me the computer system was temporarily down. 
When did China begin to use a floating exchange rate? 

（financial crisis）
coin 
penny 
nickel 
unit 
value/worth 
franc 
dollar 
euro 
pound 
yen 

exchange student 
It is the university's policy to give priority in the allocation of residence places to three categories, and those are: visiting students, exchange students and new postgraduate students. 

expand one's knowledge 
The female candidate needs to expand her knowledge of national and global issues. That was a significant weakness in the 2004 campaign, for which she was obviously insufficiently prepared. 2004

expect...to do ／／…
The professor experts his students to finish reading all the references he listed within one month. 
anticipate...to do

extended family 
The extended family has lived in the big wooden house for almost a decade. 

extensive reading 
Extensive reading is of great help for grasping the main idea of the article. 

extra cost 
You'll also find that the library has loaded several CD-ROMs onto the computers from specialist reference sources such as the MLA. It means we can expand what we offer you at very little extra cost and saves us having to invest in more and more books. 

eye contact 
It is very important to have eye contact with the one you have conversation with. 

face up to 
On top of that immediate problem, what had also happened over the last years was that, although the Box Telecom had invested in an expansion plan, they had to face up to increased competition. 
be confronted with/by

faculty head 
I don't think it's necessary to invite faculty heads to party. 

headmaster 
head teacher 
dean 
assistant 
lecturer 
professor 

fall in love with 
A: John has fallen in love with Ann. Have you heard that?
B: That's amazing.

fall to …
My partner has resigned one week ago, so all the work fell to me. 

fall upon/on ……
The full cost of the wedding fell upon us. 
The starving children fell on the food and ate it greedily. 

familiarize oneself with 
At this library we hold materials relating to primary education, as well as special needs, but of course you'll need to familiarize yourself with both the two libraries to make the most of our resources. 

family album 
This family album is full of photos of the family members. 

grandfather 
grandmother 
father 
mother 
uncle 
aunt 
cousin 
brother 
sister 
nephew 
niece 

Unit 8

family bonds 
The director hopes the program's emphasis on rebuilding family bonds can keep the next generation on the straight and narrow. 

family bonds
marriage 
spouse 
couple 
single 
stepson 
stepdaughter 
family member 
family tree 
family photo 
family history 

family planning policy 
Family planning policy has been carried out for ten years in that area. 

family reunion 
I remember that when I was growing up, the third Tuesday of July was the day of our annual family reunion at the small village. 
family gathering

feel bored with …
The report said 50% of graduates had considered teaching as a career, with 42% of foreign language degree holders feeling bored with their current jobs. 50％42％

feel free to do 
Feel free to ask any questions during the talk and I'll do my best to answer them. 

field research 
A: Have you been given any written assignments yet?
B: Yes, I've got to write about animal language.
A: Hmm! That sounds a challenge. I suppose you'll be off to the zoo to do field research.

design researchscientific research

field trip 
The paper you're submitting for the Geography Society field trip competition has got through. 
field survey

fill out 
A: Could you tell me what I have to do to join the library?
B: Well, you'll need to come in to the library and fill out some forms.
fill in

fill...in (on) …
Jane is going to fill us in on what's in store for us at this year's Summer Festival. 

financial assistance 
Don't solely count on the financial assistance from the government; you have to make your way out. 
Farmers are to receive financial assistance to help see them through the worst drought in over 50 years. 50
financial aid

financial budget 
I am entrusted with the job of writing financial budget for my company. 

financial crisis 
trade barrier 
trade surplus 
trade deficit 
trade balance 
budget deficit 

financial circumstance 
I think each course type has its advantages and disadvantages, so it really depends on you—your own study habits, and your financial circumstances. ——
financial situation

financial crisis 
Here many countries have the most serious economic and financial crisis in decades—possibly since the Great Depression. ——

find it's difficult to do …
When we look at the effects of corporate crime we may find it's difficult to assess the costs. 

finish off 
We'll finish off the morning with lunch, which should give everyone a chance to meet and get to know each other, and we'll be serving you a buffet lunch in the Main Hall, which is on the first floor. 
Who has finished off the cakes my mother bought yesterday? 
end up

fire away 
A: I suppose you're going to tell me the whole history of banana growing now, aren't you?
B: Well, it'd be a good practice run for my tutorial next week. I'll do the same for you some time.
A: OK. Fire away.

fire awayfar away

fire exit 
Peter Chan will also go through the security arrangements with you and show you the fire exits. ·
fire door

fire exitFire exit only. 

fire service 
fire door 
fire drill 
fire extinguisher 

first aid 
A First Aid Volunteer Team was established right after the earthquake happened and it saved many people's lives. 

first of all 
First of all, as you probably know, the children workshops run every Saturday. 
in the first place

fix up 
Can you fix up the typewriter for my daughter? It means a lot to her. 
Although the couple was fixed up by their parents, they led a happy married life. 
repair, mend; arrange

flag down 
Yesterday I flagged down a cab to take me to the office—and had to direct the driver all the way. 

floppy disk 
You'd better use a floppy disk to save your blueprint. 

hard disk

focus on 
I'll start with a brief history of East End, and then focus on life in the first half of the twentieth century. 20
concentrate on

focus onsuggestindicate

for instance 
Now, there are several hypotheses about the origins of the first Neolithic settlers in Ireland, but most of these contain problems. For instance, there are considerable archaeological difficulties about the theory that they came from England. The evidence doesn't really add up. 

for lease/rent 
There's an apartment for lease. Let's go and have a look. 

for one thing 
There are great practical problems about the theory that the settlers came directly from continental Europe. For one thing, it's not clear just how sufficient numbers of men and women could have been transported to Ireland to establish a viable population. 
on the one hand

for the sake of ……
I feel you've often used complex structures and long sentences for the sake of it. 
in the interests of

freak out 
People often fume over the mistreatment of animals by merchants but and freak out, at an uptick in food prices. 

freeze over 
The lake froze over in winter, so the children could go skating there. 

frequency of buses 
There are few people on this bus route so the frequency of buses on this route will be reduced. 

from/at the outset 
You should tell him the truth from the outset. 
from the very beginning

full address 
A: Are the children workshops held in the main museum?
B: Not exactly. They're nearby.
A: Could you give me the full address? I don't know the area very well.
B: Yes, it's Winter House.

full refund 
You can submit your unused tickets to the place of purchase and have a full refund of your money. 


full-time student 
A: Are you working at the moment?
B: No, I'm a full-time student at Sydney University.

commuting student 
resident student 
auditor/guest-pupil 
honors student 
foreign student 
targeted-area student 

fundamental differences between...and 
Though these days people might question a lot of the assumptions contained in the statements, recent research does suggest that there are some quite fundamental differences between men and women in their attitudes to economic matters. 

further education 
Are you planning to pursue further education on the field of linguistics? 

gain a reputation for …
Angelina Jolie broke onto the scene in the mid-1990s, quickly gaining a reputation for her on-screen work. ·2090

gear change 
A: Is there anything else to do with the engine? What kind of gear change do you want? I presume you'd want a manual.
B: I'd want automatic—I've never driven a car with manual gears.

downhill gear 

gene pool 
Indian lions are particularly vulnerable because they have a limited gene pool. The reason for this is interesting—it's because all of them are descended from a few dozen lions that were saved by a prince. ——

gene pool
genetic background 
gene expression 
gene mapping 
gene therapy 
gene code 
gene transfer 
gene marker 
candidate gene 

general practitioner 
The first thing you have to do is find a family doctor—sometimes we call them general practitioners as well when someone was sick. 
It is quite hard to make an appointment with the general practitioner. 

mental hospital 
clinic 
dispensary 
physician/internist 
oculist/eye doctor 
surgeon 
dentist 
tablet 
syrup 
capsule 
symptom 
therapy 
prescription 
case history 
check up 
side effect 

generally speaking 
Generally speaking, everyone here has a chance to perform in the stage. 

get a good view of …
From where we're standing you've got a good view of the river over there. 

get a move on 
First of all you've got to work on your basic bibliography, and that's due in to your course tutor by 31 January...which is just two weeks away, so you'd better get a move on that. 131……
speed up

get a refund 
A: I just tried to book a ticket yesterday for Perth and would you believe there are three different prices for the flight?
B: And what was the rationale for that?
A: Well, the travel agent said it depended on when you booked and the length of the stay, like it's cheap if you stay away for a Saturday night, presumably because this isn't business travel and even cheaper if you buy a ticket where you can't get a refund if you have to cancel; in that case the ticket costs about half the price.

get admitted to …
I am very happy to get the letter from you saying that I had got admitted to this famous college. 

get along with …
If the new employees start work and don't get along well with everybody else, the interviewer may be backing a loser in staff selection. 

get an extension of time 
A: You mean you'd like to get an extension of time to finish your assignment?
B: If that's possible, but I don't know...
A: Well, yes, it is possible, but extensions are normally given only for medical or compassionate reasons, otherwise it's really a question of organising your study, and we don't like giving extensions to students who simply didn't plan their work properly.

get behind with 
It's our first performance next week, so we're rehearsing frantically, and I've got behind with my work, but it's worth it. 
fall behind, back up

get hold of 
A: Do you have a daytime phone number?
B: Well, I work at the hospital but it's a bit difficult to get hold of me. I can give you a number just for messages, and then I'll get back to you when I can.

Little was done by the government to confront the drought until the press got hold of the story. 
A: What sort of trouble are you having? Is the assignment question a problem?
B: Well, that's part of the problem. I'm also having been having trouble getting hold of the books. I've been to the library several times, and all the books are out.

get in touch with

get hurt 
Don't you think it's a bit risky to get a group of eight-year-olds pushing each other around a classroom? Someone could get hurt. 
be injured

get into 
A: Can you give me any idea about the content of the first year of Economics so that I can get into some reading?
B: Well, you'll be getting the reading list next week when lectures start. All the books are in the library.

get into some readingdo some reading

get into the habit of …
With reading, there'll be sessions aimed at getting into the habit of analyzing material as you read it. 
form the habit of

get into trouble 
Get away from me! I don't want to get into trouble. 
be trapped in

get married 
I can't believe that Tracy will get married next year! 
…engage oneself to

get on one's nerve ／
Stop screaming! You are getting on my nerve! 

get on with …
Well, thank you, Mark, for the overview that was well researched. Now let's get on with your main topic for today. 
A: Hello, Sandy. How have you been getting on with your dissertation?
B: Fine, and I've been working hard on the various points we agreed on our last tutorial.
go on with, get along with

get promoted 
You won't get promoted unless you work hard. 

get...down …／／
If things are getting you down, don't go and hide. Come and talk to us about it. 

get separated from …
The information desk, marked with the small letter i on your plan is located right here in the foyer, so if you get separated from your friends, I suggest you make your way back to the information desk because we'll be returning to this spot at the end of the tour. i

get straight down to 
A: OK, everybody, good morning! It's Mark's turn to talk to us today, so Mark, I'll ask you to get straight down to business.
B: Right!
get to the point

get stuck 
We run to the ticket counter immediately after we heard the broadcast, but we get stuck behind a group of old people who are walking very slowly. 

get the best deal 
Well, last week we talked about buying camping equipment and today I'd like to talk to you about buying a bicycle. A simple enough exercise, you might imagine, but there are lots of things to look out for to make sure you get the best deal for your money. 
get a good deal

Unit 9

get the hang of 
Fans of the original game will definitely enjoy this updated version, especially once they get the hang of the secret to get through it. 
get hold of

get through 
A: What's your book list like?
B: Well, it's not as long as yours, but it's still pretty big. There are 43. I don't know how I'm going to get through them all.
finish up

get to grips with 
Before they had a chance to get to grips with the effects of increased competition, they were stalled by a strike and it was just when they were thinking about making a colossal investment in new machinery for their plants. 
deal with

get used to 
I think the people speak at natural speed, so it forces me to get used to it. And they use a lot of slang. 


get used tobe used toget used tobe used to

give a prescription 
I can't give you a prescription if you refuse to tell me your problem. 


give comments on …
A: Now let's have a look—"Please give your comments on the following aspects of the course," what's the first one? Oh, course organization. What do you think?
B: I think the organization was clear.

give off 
This kind of key can give off a high pitched noise and flashes light when you whistle so you can find it. 

give out 
The spokesperson of the financial center has refused to give out any information on the scandal. 
The research materials gave out this morning. 
hand out, allot; declare, announce, make known; run out, come to an end

give over to …
As for crops, the east is the UK's great cereal-producing region. However, increasingly significant areas are now also given over to high quality vegetables for supply direct to the supermarkets. 

give priority to …
The country must give priority to customer service if the country wants to be a favored shopping paradise. 

give...a sack 
I don't know if my boss will give me a sack or another opportunity. 
kick...out of work, dismiss

give...a miss 
I think I'll give basketball a miss this afternoon. 

give away 
We collect second-hand bikes in the UK and send them to some of the poorest regions in the world. When we distribute bikes overseas we don't give them away for free. 

give up 
I have many women patients who say they have completely given up exercise because the pain makes them so miserable. 


glance down at 
As we entering the ward room, we glanced down at the bed and already a different patient was lying there. 

global warming 
The problem of global warming is on the agenda of almost all the international climate conferences. 

go ahead 
I have come to the conclusion that this development of this kind of house should go ahead, but with various acoustic modifications according to the position of the block in relation to the highway and intersection. 

go away 
My job is to make sure that you all have a great stay here with us and go away feeling relaxed and refreshed.

go back （…）
A: When will you go back to your work in London?
B: I've gotten a large amount of work to do here.

If we go back ten thousand years we would find that there were lions roaming vast sections of the globe. But now, unfortunately, only very small sections of the lions' former habitat remain. 
date back


go back
cross over …
go east/west/south/north ／／／
go on/along...till you meet ……
directly opposite …
be in the corner of …

go bad 
A: How do the farmers stop the bananas going bad before they reach the shops?
B: Well, the banana bunches are picked well before the fruit is ripe. Once you cut the bunch, the bananas stop growing but they do continue to ripen.

go for a dinner 
Let's go for a dinner! What is your favourite restaurant? 


go for an/the interview 
I bet you will go for the interview; it is just meant for you. 

job hunter 
résumé 
job application 
employment rate 
talent market 
work experience 
second job 
job hopping 

go hand in hand (with) …
We've got the strand which I referred to as sports management and this goes hand in hand with the area of sports marketing. 
Poverty and poor health often go hand in hand. 
keep pace with

go off 
The lights went off. 
The milk has gone off. 

go on a date 
The young man asked the girl several questions about her age and what school she went to before telling her he wanted to go on a date with her. 



make a date 
schedule a date 
blind date 
double date 
blind date

go on strike 
A: Do you know the taxi drivers have been going on strike?
B: Really? That's amazing.
come out on strike

go out of fashion 
Later, feather fans and big, decorated hats went out of fashion but ostriches were still bred this time for their hide. 

go over （to）
A: Lucy, we really need to get working on this marketing assignment. We've only got five weeks left to the end of term to design it, carry it out, and then write up the result.
B: Sure. Well, let's get started right now. Let's go over the instructions.
You'll hear from Peter Chen, our conference manager, and he will be going over a plan of the conference center with you, which will help you to orient yourself. ·
look through

go rock climbing 
A: What do you do in your spare time?
B: I'd like to go rock climbing.

go round 
I am afraid there aren't enough chairs to go round. 
go around

go surfing 
If the waves are big enough, I'll go surfing. 

go through 
The Helpline is able to go through things with you and see what the outcome is. 
A: Maybe I'd better go through the article again, just to be sure. Can you remember what it was called?
B: Sample Surveys in Social Science Research, I think. By Mehta.

go under 
The company's problems cross all types of industries and it's lucky it's so big—a smaller or even medium sized company would have gone under by now. 
That huge ship finally went under that evening. 


bankruptcybankruptcy cost bankruptcy proceedings 

go up 
A: Is this kind of membership very expensive?
B: Well, you pay a ￡250 joining fee and then it's ￡450—oh no, I'm sorry, it's just gone up by ￡50—it's now ￡500 for the annual subscription fee.
be on the up, increase

go with …
Disease often goes with poverty. 
Your hairstyle doesn't go with your dress. 
get along with

graduate from …
I got the idea of exporting bicycles to developing countries while I was in Ecuador. I went there in 1993 just after graduating from university. 1993

graduation ceremony 
What a pity that I can't attend your graduation ceremony. 

diploma 
degree 
dissertation 
bachelor 
master 
doctor 
graduation gown 
graduation project 

greenhouse gas emission 
Recycling can help to achieve UK's goal in two main ways: the production of recycled glass and paper uses much less energy than producing them from virgin material, and also recycling reduces greenhouse gas emission from landfill sites and incineration plants. 

greenhouse effect 
In recent years winter has become warmer and warmer because of the greenhouse effect. 


（greenhouse gas）（carbon dioxide）（global warming）

gross national product 
We are used to hearing the UK's society and economy described as being "industrial" or even "post-industrial," but we mustn't let this blind us to the fact that agricultural and its supporting industries still account for around 20% of our gross national product. 20％

GDPgross domestic product

ground floor 
At 10:30, there will be a coffee break in the staff canteen, which is located down on the ground floor. 10:30

group discussion 
I didn't think it was all that wonderful when we had great long group discussion sessions that went on for hours and hours. I don't mean we shouldn't have group discussion, just that they shouldn't go on too long. 

group discussion
coursework 
exam preparation 
reference 
overdue book 
course arrangement 
field trip 

group interview 
In the second part of the interview you go for a group interview. 

grow up 
A: Do you have any women living alone, retired women on your book?
B: Yes, I have quite a few whose children have grown up and left home.

guided tour 
We go for places where we know there are guided tours, because this gives a good focus for the visit. 

tourist guide 
travel agency 
package tour 
trip route 
tourist attraction 
tourist destination 
summer resort 
natural landscape 
theme park 
virgin forest 
garden architecture 
ancient architectural complex 

hall of residence 
Most of the students in this college live in hall of residence. 

dormitorydormhalls of residence

hand in 
A: If you do things with a plan, then you'll find that you still have time for yourself and your hobbies as well.
B: Yeah. I've heard from Thomas that you made him a sort of plan like this, and he's going away for the weekend with all his work handed in, whereas I haven't started.
turn in, submit

hand out 
Anne works in the accounts department and she looks after all temporary staff, and so she is the person to see if you have any problems regarding pay. She will also be handing out your tax form. 
All the times of each day's activities are printed on the blue sheet you should have got in the information guides that were handed out on the coach. 
distribute

hand
at first hand 
hand to hand 
at hand 
by hand 
in hand 
hands up 

hand over 
A: So, I'll hand over now to Julie Brooks.
B: Thank you. Welcome to the Sports Centre. It's good to see that there are so many people wanting to find out about our sports facilities.
The floor seniors will introduce themselves later today and answer any questions you have. But for now I'm going to hand you over to Marney who is going to give you the orientation packs and keys. 

handicapped toilet 
I'd just like to point out one or two things of general interest which were in the museum. Handicapped toilets are located on this floor and the door shows a wheelchair. 

hang on 
A: What are the opening times for the two tourist places?
B: According to this guide book, the Cathedral is only open from nine-thirty in the morning until midday. No, hang on. That's the Cathedral Museum. The Cathedral itself is open morning and afternoon. The Castle is just open from one to five.
hold on


hang on to 
A: How long can I hang on to the books for?
B: The borrowing period is one month, but of course books can be renewed. You can renew an item a maximum of three times.
reserve; hold back

hang on to your hatHi, honey. Now hang on to your hat—the manager told me that he wanted me to take charge of the new project next month. 
hang out with …
I normally hang out with my little sister at the park. 
play with

hang over 
A: Right...let's try and get the matter sorted out today so we don't have it hanging over us. OK?
B: Good idea.

hatch out 
Almost all the fertilized eggs will hatch out into chicks which will in turn reach maturity. 

have a baby 
A: John, I've just had some good news. Susan has had her baby.
B: Do you know when she had it?
A: Yesterday. The tenth of August.
give birth to a baby

have a blast 
I want to say that I like watching the videos of your trip in Australia. You all have a blast, huh?! 
have a great time, have fun

blasthave a blast

have a check 
We doubt if it would be feasible to have a check at reception of all people coming in. 

have a fever 
Don't worry! Your baby just has a slight fever. 
have a temperature

have a good relationship with …
It is of great importance for human beings to have a good relationship with nature. 
get along very well with

have a look around 
A: You can borrow videos now, if you like, but your card won't be ready until next week. You can come and pick it up when you bring your first videos back. That's OK if you want to take some now.
B: Yes, I'd like to. I'll have a look around.

Unit 10

have a look 
May I have a look at the new products? 

have a reputation for …
That small bank has long had a reputation for poor service. 
be famous for

have a significant effect/impact on …
There are two major areas that I will focus on in my talk: how vegetation can have a significant effect on urban climate, and how we can better plan our city using trees to provide a more comfortable environment for us to live in. 

have a sore throat 
A: What's wrong with you?
B: I have a sore throat.

have a stuffed nose 
A: Nancy, are you alright?
B: Oh, I have a stuffed nose.

have access to 
These are what we call the audio forms of media. CDs and radios are probably the best examples, because a lot of children have access to these...especially radios. CD
approach to

have an overdraft 
You may want to take more money out of the bank than you have in it. This is called having an overdraft. Be very careful with this: you should not do this without permission from your bank. 

have disagreement on …
It is a pity that you have disagreement on payment. 
have difference in

have (a) taste in 
His girlfriend has very expensive tastes in clothes. 

have faith in 
People have to have faith in each other's ability to carry out the task their boss has set them. 
have belief in


have links with …
A: Well, I'm going to transfer ￡2,000 from my account, just till I get paid. In fact, I wanted to ask you about that. What's the best way to do it?
B: It depends on which bank you're with.
A: It's the Fransen Bank in Utrecht.
B: OK, fine. I'll check that in a minute. If we have links with them we can do a direct transfer.
be in touch with

have no choice but (to) do …
The bosses have no choice but to admit that they are bankrupt and default on the debt, and then they will be forced to make some necessary changes. 

have problems with …
You may find that you can't meet a deadline for an essay or perhaps you're having problems with attendance. 

have...done …
A: Lost Property. Can I help you?
B: Oh, yes. I've had my briefcase stolen.

haveYou'd better have that bad tooth pulled out. 

have trouble in doing …
Jenny has trouble in finding a satisfying job. 
have difficulty in doing

have trouble with …
A: How can I help you?
B: I'm having a bit of trouble with the second assignment, and it's due in twelve days.

having said that 
Having said that, I still find it hard to get along with her. 

health system 
I don't know how the heath system works in UK. All I know is that it's very different from ours back in Canada. 

healthy diet 
Healthy diet is good for people to keep fit. 

hear about 
At that time, news of the new projection system in America traveled fast and a number of rival European systems started to appear once people had heard about. 

help with …
A: Well. Ann helped me with some of the electronics work.
B: Then you must put her name in as well.
aid with

help out …
My friends helped me out when I lost my job. 
He's always willing to help out. 

high heels 
The man over there is a Portuguese designer who has created many high heels for men. 

high heels
overweight 
tubby 
muscular 
slim 
slender 
skinny 
well dressed 
neatly dressed 

high jump 
A: Which one do you like, high jump or long jump?
B: High jump.

historical viewpoint 
So far, in these lectures, we've been looking at crimes like robbery and murder—both from a historical viewpoint and also in contemporary society. 

hit on/upon 
They hit upon a good method to solve that tough problem. 
encounter

hold a reception 
The school staff held a reception to their new principal. 

distinguished guest 
eye salute 
farewell ceremony 
generous hospitality 
goodwill visit 
guest of honor 
propose a toast 
play host to/receive 

hold up …（as）
A: My flight to New York has been held up due to bad weather.
B: Bad luck.
Although at the clinic we recognize that a short rest in bed can be helpful, up to two days. Any longer makes our back muscles become weaker and unable to hold up our spine. 
delay

home visit 
If you want a doctor to visit you at home, you have to ask for a home visit. 

host family 
Many host families are willing to board Chinese students. 
A: Good morning. How can I help you?
B: Good morning. Umm, I understand you help fix up students with host families.

host family

house/household appliance 
Traders from the countryside bring harvests of dragon fruit, departing with house appliances and medical supplies to sell back home. 
The Britain household appliances manufacturer has confirmed plans to cut its workforce in London by up to a fifth over the next nine months to relieve financial pressure. 1/5



fluorescent 
electric iron 
vacuum cleaner 
electric oven 
broiler 
egg beater 

household budget 
The study have found that men tend to save for a car, which by the way takes a surprisingly large amount of the household budget in North America. 

household waste 
My group has been doing a project on how household waste is recycled in Britain. 
household garbage

hover around 
The main purpose of the first experiment is to show how hovercrafts work, and how things hover around on just a cushion of air. 

hunt for 
People usually come to big cities to hunt for fame and wealth. 
look for

hustle and bustle 
To escape the hustle and bustle of the city, many rich men head to the tranquil villages where they can feel the wide spaces yet enjoy the city lights from afar. 


difference between living in city and a villagehustle and bustle“”

illegal profit 
For the company, some deception might result in massive illegal profit. 

profit and loss 
gross profit 
net profit 
profit drawing 
profit margin 
trading profit 
pre-tax profit 
non-profit firm 

immigrate to 
Do you know why people in the developing countries want to immigrate to the developed countries? 
emigrate to

immune system 
Your immune system functions as a defender protecting you against infections. 

impose on/upon …
I have no intention to impose on you. 

in a dilemma 
The nurse is in a dilemma as to whether to tell the patient the truth about his condition immediately or not. 

in a mess 
The book is about the relevance and use of environmental statistics—it does not deny that the global environment is in a mess and may still be getting worse. ——

in a position to ……
A: Can I just ask you about finance? The cash price is going to be somewhere in the region of seven and a half thousand. How would you like to pay? Are you in a position to pay cash, or would you need credit?
B: I'd like credit provided the terms are reasonable.
be able to

in a slump 
The economy of this area is in a slump and citizens are complaining about it. 
in recession

in a way 
A: Someone told me the article by Cooper is important.
B: Well, yes, in a way, but just look at the last part, where he discusses the research results.

in a word 
In a word, I'm deeply impressed by your performance. 
to sum up

in accordance with …
What is important is that illegal actions of either individual or a group within the company are normally in accordance with the goals of the company. 
according to

in addition 
In addition, taking a reasonable amount of exercise every day can help one to sleepwell at night. 
besides

in addition to …
I've already mentioned that you must be able to support yourself. In addition to this most banks ask you to bring your passport and your letter or certificate of enrollment. 

in advance 
Booking in advance is strong recommended as all Daybreak tours are subject to demand. 
There's a range of ticket prices depending on where you travel and when you buy your tickets. There's a standard open ticket which doesn't have any restrictions. This can be bought in advance or on the day. 
previously

in broad terms 
A: What about the word limit of the dissertation?
B: We try to be pretty flexible in this, but in broad terms it's 18,000-22,000.
In broad terms you can spend anything from $50 to $2,000 on a bike, so you'll need to know what you are looking for. 502000
broadly speaking


come to terms with“…”in terms of“…”

in case 
The deposit is as insurance, in case you break something. 
for fear that

in case of ……
These fire doors should only be opened from the inside in case of emergency. 
in the event of

in circulation 
A: Where can I find the book I need?
B: In circulation.

in comparison 
There are about six doctors in our practice and three in the other, so ours is quite big in comparison. 
by comparison

in comparison with …
Corporate crime has been relatively ignored by the mass media—for example, it tends to be under-reported in comparison with conventional crime in news broadcasts, and in crime serials and films and so on—they very rarely deal with corporate crime. 
In comparison with your sarcastic words, your behavior is more agreeable. 
compared with

in danger 
In this film there is a superman who can fly and will help those in danger. 
at risk

in detail 
All the trip are planned in detail by our highly trained guides, who all work in a variety of different locations, so we can guarantee standards. 
at length

in employment 
These courses are designed for those who are in employment, so you cannot register. 
on-the-job

Unit 11

in full blossom 
May will be perhaps our most spectacular month with the arrival of the Canada geese and when our fruit trees will be in full blossom, but there are interesting events on all year round. 

crossbreed 
pollination 
shoot 
sprout 
photosynthesis 
bud 
petal 

in favour of 
There was a large number of respondents in favour of a travel agent and insurance centre. 


in general 
Well, in general, Asiatic lions are not as big as African lions. The colour is more or less the same, but the appearance of the mane is different—that's the hair around the lion's face and neck. 

general in general
general practice 
general science 
general information 
general course 

in (great) demand 
A: It is said that the leather boots are in great demand.
B: So it is.
Good secretaries are always in demand. 

in harmony 
I will be very happy if all the people here live in harmony. 
in accord

in line with …
A: I think I'd be better off starting from the basics and looking at all the strategies, don't you?
B: Yes, from what you've told me, I think that's more in line with your situation.
in accordance with


in moderation 
On the middle of our diet pyramid we find the things that we can eat in moderation. Not too much though! And that's where we find milk, lean meat, fish, nuts, eggs. 
moderately

in most cases 
In most cases the tragedy could be prevented if cars had been overhauled. 

in need of 
I expect by this time you may also be in need of a rest and some refreshment. 

in other words 
In other words, the greenhouse effect is a natural course which is to some degree helpful to us. 
In other words, when the wind is blowing at 300 metres per second, most houses will be blown down. 300
namely

in part 
This solidarity comes in part from the need to present a united front in dealing with other powerful interest-groups, such as government or the media. 
to some degree


in parts

in particular 
A: Could I ask you about the college facilities, please?
B: Anything in particular?
Is there anything in particular you'd like to say? 
particularly

in person 
If you want to make an appointment you can phone or call at the office in person. 
personally, in the flesh

in place 
A: What happens if I return the books late?
B: Like all libraries there's a fine system in place. The minimum fine is ￡1.50 but it can be much higher for some items—up to ￡5 per week.

in reaction to …
This kind of flower changes direction in reaction to light source. 
The manager said the changes were not in reaction to the company's recent losses. 
in response to

in/with relation to 
I have a lot to say in relation to that book. 
with regard to

in short supply 
You'd better be quick; the new toy is now in short supply. 

in spite of 
Last academic year, in spite of staff cuts, we counselled two hundred and forty international students for a total of twenty-six hundred hours counselling. 2402600
despite

in stock 
A: And then the last thing on the list is the kitchen curtains. They're tom.
B: Oh, right. We do have quite a few spare ones in stock and can get those to you in the next week, if that's alright with you?
A: Yes, that'd be fine.
in store

in store 
I'll run through the rest of today's programme, so that you can get a general idea of what else is in store today. 
If he had known what lay in store in him, he would never have agreed to go. 


in storein-store
in-store display 
in-store positioning 

in terms of …
A: Is there any difference between the two libraries?
B: Not in terms of their facilities.
I guess the next big step in terms of development of technology was to have people actually talking on the film, and the first step towards this was in 1926 when sound effects were first used on a film. 1926
according to

in that case 
In that case, you will have to do without the help of your partner. 

in no case

in the end 
The little boy has tried several times to pick up the ball, and in the end he succeeded. 
finally

in the first place 
Why do you want to be a doctor in the first place? 
firstly

in the heart of …
A gem in the heart of Times Square, the hotel is located nearby the Broadway and the Rockefeller Center. 

in the majority 
Our respondents were both men and women, but the women were just slightly in the majority. 

in the meantime 
A: When do you want that dissertation done by?
B: Oh, it's not urgent. Um I should aim for the end of the term. But in the meantime, I think you should also be thinking about Chapter Two.
at the same time, meanwhile

in the middle of …
Now I want you to look at the case study for Box Telecom as part of your exam assessment. It's interesting because they are in the middle of problems at the moment and I want you to track how they deal with them. 


in the middle of nowhere 
As you can see, we're literally in the middle of nowhere here. There is no newspaper or TVs and there's only one phone and that's in the office. 
out of the way

go nowhereget nowhere

in that position 
Well, you're certainly not the only person in that position, as I'm sure you've found. 
in one's shoes

in the region of 
The cash price is going to be somewhere in the region of seven and a half thousand. 7500

in the same vein 
A: Which type of programmes would you like to see more of?
B: Well, I certainly don't think we need any more factual programmes like news and documentaries. I think we need more about things like local information...And in the same vein, perhaps more for younger viewers...good quality stuff.
as well, in the same way

in this case 
You'll notice when you receive your room allocation in a few minutes that your room number either begins with the letter N, S, or W like this one here, the first letter refers to the three wings of the college which come away from this main building. Of course the letters represent the three directions—in this case—north, south and west. NSW——

in total 
A: And you graduated in 1989. And I see you have been doing some teaching...
B: Yes. I worked as a volunteer teacher in West Africa. I was there for almost three years in total from 1990 to...umm...1992.
The mountain was 900 miles in total and we managed to climb 32 peaks that were over 3,000 metres high, including Toubkal, which is of course the highest in North Africa. 900323000
in all

in...faculty …
A: Are you an undergraduate or a postgraduate? Arts or Sciences?
B: Undergraduate, and I'm in the Business Faculty.

incineration plant 
Recycling can help to achieve UK's goal in two main ways: the production of recycled glass and paper uses much less energy than producing them from virgin materials, and also recycling reduces greenhouse gas emission from landfill sites and incineration plants. 

incorporate...into …
An artist will incorporate that story into the painting. 

indifference to …
We feel sorry for Jim's indifference to the poor. 


individual circumstance 
Now, as an international student you will need to provide evidence that you can fund yourself for however long your course lasts. Banks have different policies and the services that they'll offer you will depend on your individual circumstances and on the discretion of the bank manager involved. 
personal circumstance

information desk 
Please show your invitation letter at the information desk. 


information desk（library）（Student Union）

information explosion 
In the Information Explosion Era, it's important to know what is going at home and abroad every day. 

information age/era 
informative 
population explosion/boom 

insight into 
I like the way we're exploring the subject, and working towards getting insight into it. 
The novel gives us fascinating insights into life in the remote village. 

insist on 
For the recreation officer's course we offer a six-month certificate. Entry to this course normally includes applications of a wide range of ages and experiences, but we do not insist on any prerequisites for this course. 
stick on

inspire...to do …
The journalist said he hoped the story of Emily's life would inspire others to take up her causes in the future. 
encourage...to do

instant coffee 
A: Would you like something to drink?
B: Just a cup of instant coffee.

instantinstant noodle（fast food）

instant hit 
Since its launch last June the car has become an instant hit to rival the Mini Cooper enabling buyers to join in the craze of customizing their cars. Mini Cooper

dead stock

instead of 
The box office has been reoriented with its own access from the side of the building instead of through the foyer, which means it can be open longer hours, and has more space, too. 
in place of

insufficient for 
The early polar explorers' diet was commonly insufficient for their health. 
be incompetent to; be in short supply

insurance for ／…
A: Good morning. Diana Davies. Can I help you?
B: Yes, I'd like to get some insurance for the contents of my home.

integrate into 
It's difficult to integrate foreign immigrants into our society. 
merge with

intensive reading 
Intensive reading is to read between the lines. 

interest rate 
The bank has been forced to slash the interest rate for the savings account. 

exchange rate 
foreign exchange 
gold reserve 
national/public debt 
interest-free loan 
discount rate 
bad debts 
idle capital 
deposit 
endorse 

interest-free overdraft 
Overdrafts usually incur charges though some banks offer interest-free overdrafts to some students. 

interfere with 
These chemicals released from the explosion can kill people, badly damage the immune systems, cause cancer and interfere with normal infant and child development. 
get in the way of, hamper

interior decoration 
The interior decoration of this restaurant is like a small kindergarten with a lot of cartoon posters on the walls. 

inter-library service 
Can you introduce me to the inter-library service in the UK? 

catalogue 
delivery/circulation desk 
renew 
reserve 
classification 
bibliography 

international trade 
What is the difference between international trade and domestic trade? 

introduce...to …
Now I'd like to introduce you to the new committee for the Soccer Club for this season. 
I would like to introduce my favourite hotel to you and the name of the hotel is Happy Home. ——

iron out 
A: Could you iron out the wrinkles in the trousers for me?
B: Of course, just leave them on the table.
irreversible damage 
The resettlement and reconstruction after the tsunami are thought to have the potential to cause more irreversible damage to the local environment than did the tsunami itself. 

irreversible damage
earthquake 
flood 
tsunami 
drought 
heat wave 
hurricane 
tornado 
famine 
landslide 

it makes no sense to ……
The economists said that it made no sense to continue paying the mortgage when the value of your home started going down. 
it's unreasonable to

it's a pleasure for...to do ……
It's a great pleasure for me to welcome back Ms Diane Greenbaum who is a professional dietician and who has been kind enough to give up her time, in what I know is a very hectic schedule, to come along and talk to us today. ·

it is/becomes absolutely essential for...to …
With global rivals entering India and with cheap imports from other countries flooding the local market, it became absolutely essential for India to reform its tax rates. 

for tofor

it's no exaggeration to say that …
It's no exaggeration to say that what distinguishes a great character from common person is the contribution they made to the society. 


Unit 12

it's worthwhile to do 
I need some help in determining whether it's worthwhile to invest in industry. 

it's necessary to do 
The questionnaire shows that most students think it's necessary to hold music courses at high school. 
it's essential to do

job description 
Our job description has been posted on our web. 

job responsibility 
To qualify for the post you have to fully understand the job responsibility. 

joint account 
A: Will this be a joint account?
B: No, just myself.

joint effort 
They are making a joint effort to catch those responsible for Monday's devastating bomb attack in Northern Ireland. 

just as well 
You know nothing about food catering, so you may just as well quit applying for that job. 

keep fit 
The research stations are really self-contained communities of about twenty people. There's living and working space, a kitchen with a huge food store, a small hospital and a well-equipped gym to ensure everyone keeps fit in their spare time. 20

keep in touch with …
What I do in this period is to keep in touch with you and reassure you that things are moving along. 
Nowadays most of the parents use phones to keep in touch with their children. 
stay in touch with, keep in contact with

keep on the file 
What you do in college will be kept on the file and go with you through your whole life. 
keep in the archives

keep...in mind 
A: We do offer to arrange special trips if, you know, there are more than twelve people.
B: Oh right, I'll keep that in mind.
bear...in mind

keep to oneself 
A: To be honest, people seem to keep to themselves; they're not really very friendly.
B: Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Well, what about the actual course? You're studying... uh?

keep watch on 
About two thousand years ago there were many soldiers standing there to keep watch on the Great Wall. 
keep an eye on, watch out

keep-fit studio 
A: I've played badminton in Fresham Sports Center.
B: Have you? They've got a lot of facilities our sport center doesn't have and vice versa. We do have a keep-fit studio, which is very popular with members.

fitness room, fitness center

physical fit 
keep fit/stay in shape 
lose some weight 
gain some weight 

kick...out of 
Please rethink the idea of kicking Linda out of work. She has been working very hard. 
give...a sack

kill off 
Despite living in a sanctuary, which makes the lions safe from hunters, they still face a number of problems that threaten their survival. One of these is the ever-present danger of disease. This is what killed more than a third of Africa's Serengeti lions in 1994, and people are fearful that something similar could happen in the sanctuary and kill off many of the Asiatic lions there. 19941/3
get rid of

kind of 
It is kind of weird to see the teacher in the dormitory again. 
sort of

knock down 
Plans have been unveiled to knock down an entertainment center in the city. A famous architecture said he did not believe the building should be knocked down. 

know...backwards and forwards 
You can treat the instruction as material for a test you'll take and get to know it backwards and forwards in several days. 
know...inside out

known as 
The Bachelor of Social Science is in one faculty within the university; that is the faculty where I work, known as Arts and Social Sciences. 

landfill site 

rubbish bin 
hazardous waste 
solid waste 
living garbage 
disposal of rubbish 
waste-paper basket 

last but not least 
Last but not least, you can go out and have a short rest at any time. 

firstsecondlast but not least

late fee 
Read the credit card statement carefully to find out how much time you've got to pay your bill before triggering late fees. 
late fine, past due fee

admission fee 
cost 
rent
toll

launch new products 
Our company is planning to launch new products at the end of this quarter. 

laundry fee 
In your fees you've paid a laundry fee which covers the cleaning of bed linen and towels. 

lead into 
The gate leads into the courtyard. 

lead to 
At that time there was a real possibility of having films of more than two or three minutes, and this led to the making of The Great Train Robbery—the very first movie. 
Exam failure can lead to worrying changes in the way you normally behave. 
give rise to, bring out

learn through …
A: That essay we have to write...the one on how children learn through the media... how are you planning to write it?
B: Well, I've given it some thought and I think that the best way to approach it is to divide the essay into two parts. First of all, we'd have to look at some examples of each type of media.

lecture on 
A: Hello, this is the School of Economics.
B: Oh good. I'm a new student and I was wondering if someone could give me some information.
A: Well, I might be able to help. I lecture on that program. What do you need to know?

letter of acceptance 
Until I receive the letter of acceptance I will stay at my house. 

leisure time 
Listening to music can both enrich my leisure time and satisfy my spiritual needs. 
spare time

lend an ear 
I am willing to lend an ear to your story of your hard life. 

letter of recommendation 
You can't expect a boss to hire you just because of a letter of recommendation. 

life expectancy 
I'm sure the life expectancy in China will increase in the future. 

light rail 
The light rail line runs from the Disney Land to the downtown. 

bus 
coach 
tram 
elevated train 
ferry 
subway 

line up 
The Scotsman designed a camera, a projection device and the film. The system was first shown in New York in 1894 and was really very popular. People lined up around the block to see the wonderful new invention.1894


live music 
A: We should have known how the interviewees listen to their music.
B: The medium. Let's include radio, CD—and then I guess there's TV.
A: What about concerts? You know, in pubs and halls.
B: We should include live music of course.

world music 
classic pop 
electrophonic music 
chamber pop 
bossa nova 

living condition 
These cottages were built for workers towards the end of the eighteenth century and they are still furnished from that period so you can get a good idea of ordinary people's living condition. 18


living standard

loads of 
The cell phone produced by the South Korean company is only a couple of weeks old, but it has already dropped a big firmware update that fixes loads of bugs. 
a host of, a load of

local resident 
I asked an old local resident about the history of the small town. 
local people

log on/in 
We'll give you a booklet with all the details when you join the library. You can always renew items if the books are not required by anyone else by telephoning or logging on to our website. 
register

long jump 
In his ten years' athletic career he has won numerous medals in the long jump. 

swimming 
diving 
water polo 
discus 
javelin 
beach volleyball 
baseball 
softball 
table tennis 
high jump 

look ahead 
Women today need to look ahead, think ahead—not wait until they're under pressure. ——

look back 
As the final words are spoken by the team leader, it's difficult to look back over the past months without feeling a swirl of emotion. 

look forward to 
My husband and I look forward to seeing you all next weekend. 
expect to

look through 
What I decided to do was to look through catalogues specializing in IT. IT
Before Friday, I think we should all look through the reading list. 
skim through

throughgo throughgo through one's shoesgo through one's stuff

look up 
A: I found it frustrating to have so few teaching resources in West Africa, but I did decide to stay and in the end I extended my tour to a third year.
B: Right. Things have looked up in the third year.
improve

lose sight of 
At the bottom of the diet pyramid are the things that you can eat lots of! Because they're the things that are really good for you, and here we have bread, vegetables and fruit. So don't lose sight of your healthy diet pyramid when you do your shopping. 
neglect, pay no attention to

lose temper 
It is really ashamed of you to lose temper in front of kids. 

temper
control/keep one's temper 
fly into a temper 
good temper 
a quick temper 

lottery ticket 
I always dream of buying a lottery ticket and getting rich overnight. 

lower the rate of …
To lower the rate of unqualified product, the factory has tried many methods. 

low-risk investment 
Many women are unwilling to invest in stocks and shares, but these can be extremely profitable. Financial advisors usually advise that at least 70% of a person's savings should be in low-risk investments. 70％

loyalty to …
They swore their loyalty to the queen. 

lucky you 
A: Hi there, Martin. How are you going with your Australian studies tutorial paper?
B: Oh good. I've finished it actually.
A: Lucky you.

lunar calendar 
A: When is the Dragon Boat Festival in your country?
B: It is on the fifth day of the fifth month of the lunar calendar.

solar calendar

maid of honor 
Would you like to be our maid of honor in our wedding ceremony? 

（wedding ceremony）（groom）（bride）（best man）（honeymoon）

main branch 
Banks used to be open from 9:30 am until 3:30 pm from Monday to Friday but many main branches are now open until 4:30 or 5 pm on weekdays and some of the bigger branches in London and other major cities are now open for a limited time on Saturdays. 9:303:304:305

main course 
In that country fish cannot be used for the main course. 
main dish


Unit 13

main topic 
The main topic of conversation was Jim's new hairstyle. 

make a complaint 
If you want to hear about special offers, please press one. If you want to hear our latest price lists, please press two. If you want to make a complaint, please press three. If you want information about our new walking holidays, please press four now. 1234
complain to

make a deep impression 
During an interview, it is very important to make a deep impression on the employers. 
be greatly impressed with

make a detour 
It seems we have to make a detour as the road is blocked by a fallen tree. 

make a hit 
The new teacher does make a hit with students. 

make a nominal charge 
A: What about the computers? Can I use them free of charge?
B: For college students it's free, but for external members like yourself, the first hour is free and then we make a nominal charge of ￡1 per hour thereafter.

nominal valueface value

make (a) note of …
A: What would be your preferred time?
B: Any time up to 5pm would be fine.
A: OK, I've made a note of that.
Please make note of my new address. 
keep an account of


make a provisional booking 
A: What I'll do is to talk to my partner and get back to you.
B: Fine. So I'll make a provisional booking, shall I? Two for the Whale Watch Experience. Let me issue you with a customer reference number for when you call back.

booking（booking form）DateNumber of PeopleTimeType of Ticket

make a quick getaway 
Men were very aware that muggers or whatever might be concealed behind the car. They also made the point that you should leave plenty of room when you park your car so you can make a quick getaway if you need to. 
speed away, move quickly

make a reference to 
A: I'd be quite interested to have a few more statistics about the schools in the different zones.
B: Oh, that wouldn't be a problem. I can get them from the Internet.
A: Great, and although you did make a reference to quite a few different writers, I think you should aim to cite more works written later than 2000.
touch upon, involve

make a wish 
You can make a wish while directly throwing a coin into the well. 

make allowances for 
I'm afraid the lectures will make little or no allowance for the presence of non-native speakers in the audience. 

make an application 
If you do decide to make an application to this position, what you should do is to send your résumé directly to me in my department. 

make an appointment 
May I ask a favour of you to make an appointment with your manager? 

make an effort/efforts to 
We were quite shocked to discover that only 9% of people in this country make an effort to recycle their household waste. 9％
These schools have made great efforts to improve the practical ability of their students in oral English. 
endeavour to, strive to

effortanto

make an exception (of) …
Most of the people think that the railway shouldn't have made an exception of foreigners and only a few people think that it is understandable. 

make clear 
Thomas's silence makes clear that he isn't interested in this kind of consulting sessions. 

make difference 
You're supposed to ask for a home visit before 10:30 in the morning, but obviously, if it's an emergency, you can phone at any time, night or day. It might not be your doctor that comes, though. It's quite often one of the other doctors in the practice. It doesn't really seem to make much difference. 10:30

make friends with …
He is that sort of person I really don't want to make friends with. 

make great progress 
It's unbelievable that Linda has made great progress in such a short time! 

make headway 
We have made headway with the new project. 
make progress

make it difficult for...to do …
We used to start all our performances at 7:30 pm, but that made it difficult for people to go home by public transport, so instead we're beginning at 7, because at 9:45, when it finishes, there are still buses running. 7:307:009:45

make notes 
While listening you can make some notes to help you better understand the article. 
take notes

make one's blood boil ……
It can make your blood boil when the services and stores people depend on are forced to shut their doors. 

make out of ……
The pieces we made out of old wood cost $5. 

make seat reservation 
The cheapest tickets are called Advance and you have to buy them at least six days ahead. Only a certain number are available and you have to make seat reservations for these. 

make sure 
We recommend that, if you are buying a cot, do make sure that any metal present is not rusted or bent in any way. 
make certain

make up one's mind 
A: How can I help you?
B: Well, I'm thinking of buying a new car and I'd like some advice.
A: Sure, yes. Have you got any particular make in mind?
B: I'm interested in a Lida—I've had one before and liked it. But I haven't really made up my mind.
make a decision

make up 
There's a final category as well...computers, that make up the so-called electronic media. In the United Kingdom and Australia, they say that one in three families has a computer now. ……
A significant proportion of the lions' diet is made up of the livestock and poultry of these farmers—goats, chicken and so on—as much as a third, in fact. ————1/3
constitute

make use of 
For the second part of the assignment, we have to choose one method of data collection, and carry out a small-scale study, making appropriate use of the method chosen to gather data from at least five subjects. 
avail oneself of

make waves 
The best way to stay out of trouble in companies is not to make waves. 
make trouble

make/draw the...conclusion 
These two detectives have drawn different conclusions from the clues left in the crime scene. 
It took the jury some time to draw the conclusion that he was innocent. 
reach the conclusion

man of the year 
It is very tantalizing to know who is elected as man of the year. 

management layer 
A more ambitious approach, and one which I think would have more chances of success, would be to alter how they're running things—the management layer and the processes. ——

man-made object 
He said the Great Gall was the only man-made object that could be seen from space. 

manual gear 
A: Is there anything else to do with the engine? What kind of gear change do you want? I presume you'd want a manual?
B: I'd want automatic—I've never driven a car with manual gears.

many thanks to...for doing …
Firstly, let me welcome Robert Young, the new president, who will manage the meetings for the next two years. Robert's son has been playing football with the club for over five years now, and many thanks to Robert for taking on the job of president. ·
have gratitude to/towards...for doing

market economy 
Nowadays, the living standard is higher and higher with the development of market economy. 

market share 
The company's long-term problems, which were affecting their market share, were eventually credited to poor training—and having looked at the details in their last report I think that's right. ——

marketing consultant 
Good morning. Welcome to this talk on Space Management. And today I'm going to look particularly at space management in the supermarket. Now since the time supermarkets began, marketing consultants, like us, have been gathering information about customers' shopping habits. 

mass media 
The questionnaire shows that most young people think that the modem mass media such as the Internet is more popular than the traditional mass media. 

newspaper 
magazine 
Internet 
television 
radio 

maximum profit 
Space Management is now a highly sophisticated method of manipulating the way we shop to ensure maximum profit. 

medium-sized city 
In the past, only few graduates chose to work in the small or medium-sized city. 

metropolis 
town 
county 

meet the deadline 
There's always a lot of homework every day and I can hardly meet the deadline. 

meet one's needs 
If one's accessibility needs are not met, he or she can contact the hotel manager on duty. 
satisfy/suit one's needs

meet up (with) 
A: I've got a tutorial now. Can we meet up again later this week? What about Friday morning?
B: Suits me. Eleven o'clock?
A: It was in many ways a social trip, wasn't it?
B: Yes, yes...we've arranged to meet up with friends at various points on the journey.

come across


metropolitan area 
There is a famous coffee shop in metropolitan area which serves good coffee. 
downtown area

military use 
The third gizmo is called the Army Flashlight because it was developed initially for military use. 


civilian use

mind doing 
Would you mind explaining that again, please? 
I don't mind helping if you cannot find anyone else. 

mind you 
The first experiment is called "Make your own hovercraft," which sounds very ambitious! Mind you, you only need twenty balloons and a table. 20
take care

misplace trust in 
I don't want to misplace my trust in someone who is irresponsible. 


trust
be based on trust 
earn one's trust 
put trust in 
a position of trust 
take...on trust 

more or less 
In 1895, the projection systems were all developed, more or less at the same time and independently of each other. 1895

no more no less 
More hasty, less speed. 

motivate...to do …
The seminar is aimed at students like you who are uncertain about what to expect at college, and looks at a fairly wide range of approaches to university learning, to motivate you to begin your study and build on your own learning strategies. 
The plan is designed to motivate employees to work more efficiently. 
spur...to do

mountain climbing 
I like mountain climbing because it is a good exercise to keep me fit. 

jogging 
hunting 
mountaineering 
hiking 
skating 
skiing 
cycling 
swimming 

move along 
What I do in this period is to keep in touch with you and reassure you that things are moving along. 

move away from...to …
The steam engine was invented and then the railways came and the centers of the industry were able to move away from the rivers and the countryside to the towns. 

move forward 
As you know, sharks are very quick swimmers. This is made possible by their fins, one set at the side and another set underneath the body, and the tail also helps the shark move forward quickly. 

move on (to) 
Well that's a good list to start with...we're really getting somewhere with this essay now...so let's move on to when each type of media could be used. I guess we could start by trying to identify the best situation for each type of media. 


Unit 14

multiple entry visa 
Can you explain why you apply for multiple entry visa? 

student visa 
tourist visa 
business visa 
employment visa 
visit visa 
residency visa 
re-entry visa 
single entry visa 

musical instrument 
I am not good at playing musical instrument. How about you? 

piano 
guitar 
cello 
violin 
saxophone 
harp 
viola 
flute 
pipe organ 
trumpet 
bagpipe 

natural resources 
It is wicked for some countries to deprive others of their natural resources. 

coal 
petroleum/oil 
natural gas 
solar energy 
mineral 
wind energy 
tidal energy 

natural scenery 
The country boasts of the world's most spectacular natural scenery. 

never mind 
A: Was the briefcase locked?
B: No, I'm afraid not.
A: Never mind. Any distinct features?

nine-year compulsory education 
Some students in the poor areas cannot finish their nine-year compulsory education. 



kindergarten 
day-care center 
nursery school 
primary/elementary school 
secondary school 
junior high school 
senior high school 
university 

no charge 
There is no charge for the sample. 
without charge, free of charge


charge
commission charges 
charge the ticket 
charge out …
service charge 

no exception 
No company has the right to discriminate employees based on race, and this one is no exception. 

no substitute for 
Vitamin pills should be labeled with warnings that they are no substitute for a healthy diet in Europe. 

non-native speaker 
I'm afraid the lectures will make little or no allowance for the presence of non-native speakers in the audience. 

non-smoking section 
The boss wanted to make reservation for a room in a non-smoking section. 

smoking section

nose dive 
After breaking up with Mary, Tom's study took a nose dive. 

not always be the case 
Most people think that lions only come from Africa. And you would be forgiven for thinking this, because in fact most lions do come from Africa. But this hasn't always been the case. 

not for circulation 
Sorry, all of the books in this library are not for circulation. 

not have a clue about 
Do not ask the old man which key to press—he doesn't have a clue about computers. 

not mean any offense on 
You know, I don't mean any offense on these disabled people. 

not only...but also ……
There are an increasing number of opportunities for young people to work for a period in Antarctica—not only as research assistants in projects like mine, but also in a wide range of junior administrative and technical positions including vacancies for map-makers. ——

not to mention 
It's far too early for you to go out and play basketball, not to mention the fact that it's snowing. 
needless to say

not...but rather …
Actually, Thomas Edison didn't do the work himself but rather asked a young Scotsman in his employ to design a projection system. ·

note down 
A: Should I be drafting the chapter two of my dissertation?
B: No, but I think you should note down its main sections.

notice board 
A: After the procedure we have to go to the notice board to find out about lectures and then we have to put our names down for tutorial groups and go to the library.
B: Great. Well, first let's sit down and have our lunch.
A: How do we reserve a place?
B: You sign your name on the notice board.

now that 
Right, now that everyone knows what team they're in, we'll get on with the orientation and training program. 

in that

nuclear family 
The concept of nuclear family with just one or two children has become universal in the developed countries and even in several developing countries. 


nuclear familyextended family

nursing care 
The old people who are left without a partner may have to pay for nursing care because they don't have a spouse to look after them. 

nursing diploma

ocean current 
Within this general field, surveying changes in the volume and stability of the ice-cap is vital, since these may have profound effects on world sea levels and on ocean currents. 

ocean current
marine environment 
marine ecosystem 
marine pollution 
marine sediments 

off campus 
He leads a wonderful life off campus. 

on campus

off topic 
He was supposed to talk about food shortage at the conference but he was off topic. 
off the track

offer/give opportunity for...to do …
The new policy offers opportunity for the disabled to earn their living by themselves. 
give...a chance to do

office staff 
A: Now we ought to be thinking about invitations...who mustn't we forget to invite?
B: The office staff.

on a rol …
A: We're on a roll now! Next point could be about where the interviewees actually get their music.
B: You mean that, do they buy it in music shops, or department stores?
A: Yes, or download it from the Internet.

on average 
Maybe you know that an adult in the UK will probably need about 1,700 kilocalories a day on average; someone in Antarctica will need about 3,500—just over double! 17003500
A: How many hours a day on average do you watch TV?
B: Not a lot really...I should say just over an hour.

above/below average“／”

on business 
A: What about trains to London? I'll need to go there on business for one day.
B: Then you need to go to Central Station—that's for all the national services. There are regular trains to London.

business
in business 
out of business 
be the business 
business in business 
get about your business 
none of one's business 

on campus 
A: Are you familiar with the bus route of the downtown area?
B: No, I am not at all because I have been living on campus.

on display 
Samples of all the tools that were used widely at that time are on display in the showroom. 

on hand 
Entertainment is laid on nearly every night with tour leaders on hand to organize lectures, games, quizzes and respond to any special requests from guests. 

hand
(at) first hand 
have one's hands full 
in hand 
off one's hands 
out of hand 
to hand 

on impulse 
A: I really didn't know you were looking for some new clothes.
B: I just bought them on impulse last weekend.

on one's behalf …
We have a full-time accommodation officer available to help all students. She'll get in touch with you when you're accepted—she's got plenty of contacts in the town and will deal with the agencies on your behalf. 

on one's way to …
A: I'm starving!
B: So am I.
A: Actually, I was on my way to the canteen to get something for lunch.

on request 
The hotel can provide special services to guests on request. 

on second thoughts 
A: What would you like? Pizza, sandwich, hot dog, fried rice, the canteen does everything...
B: Oh, something easy. Take-away fried rice sounds good.
A: OK, fried...
B: No, on second thoughts, I'll have a cheese and tomato sandwich.

have second thoughts 
without a second thought 

on strike 
Transport workers are on strike in Melbourne over a pay claim and the strike looks set to spread to other states. 

strikestrike up a conversation

on the margin of 
When I learn that I have gone bankrupt, I'm on the margin of breaking down. 
in the brink of, on the edge of

on the minus side 
On the minus side, our testers did not like the fact that the side of the cot did not drop down, making it difficult to pick up newborn babies. 

minusminus five degree

on the other hand 
On the one hand they'd love to have kids, but on the other hand, they don't want to give up their freedom. 
on the other side

on the phone 
Let me explain on the phone. I'm a counsellor here at the Student Services Section of the university and I'm interviewing overseas students to help me draw up a guide for new students. 

on the same wavelength 
Although we don't work together all the time, we are really on the same wavelength. 
be sympathetic to

on the weaker side 
I felt the small size was a real advantage. On the weaker side, I find the noise the key gives off unpleasant. 

on the whole 
My opinion is on the whole the same with yours. 
all in all, in general

on top of ……
A: You'd be expected to write an essay each month, which counts towards your final assessment. You have a case study to do by the end of the course, which might involve doing a survey or something like that, and also you need to hand in a short report every four weeks.
B: So, that's quite a lot of work, then, on top of working every day. It sounds like a lot of studying—and really tiring.
Please put this record on top of this pile of books. 
in addition to

one's/the best bet 
A: Where do you think I should put up the notice? Where everyone's guaranteed to see it.
B: On the café notice board I should think.
A: Hardly anyone looks at that.
B: Well, the newsletter is probably your best bet.

open a bank account 
A: Good morning, I'd like to open a bank account please.
B: Certainly. If you'd like to take a seat, I'll just get some details from you.

open admission 
When did open admissions begin within the university system in the United State? 

open stacks 
In this library, students have free access to books and magazines located in open stacks. 

closed stacks 
closed shelves 
alphabetical index 
call slip 
classified index 
catalogue room 
periodical index 
newspaper file 
subject index 
title index 

open ticket 
There's a standard open ticket which doesn't have any restrictions. This can be bought in advance or on the day. 
open ticket

open shelves 
In the past these books were read by teachers only, but they are now on open shelves for all the students. 

opening time 
Would you please tell me the opening times for the two tourist places? 

opening
opening ceremony 
opening hours 
opening night 
opening up 
opening remarks 

other than 
I've checked the whole house. There's nothing here other than a bed. 
except

ought to do 
Teachers ought to earn more. 
be supposed to do

out of bounds 
If a place is out of bounds, no people are allowed to go there at any time. 

out of character 
On both the really high summits, the two people took diversions that were quite out of character and I can only assume that it must have been due to tiredness. 

out of date 
I'm afraid the information is out of date, and you're probably better talking to the tutor on the research method course. 
old-fashioned

out of print 
This book was the first edition and the bookshop said it had been out of print soon after it was published. 
sold out

Unit 15

out of shape 
It is difficult for a player totally out of shape to get fit in a few weeks time, and the fitness gained quickly can be lost equally quickly. 

out of temper 
A: Don't be out of temper, John. There's bound to be a way out.
B: Thank you, Joe.

out of the way 
Philip got one of the toughest lawsuit cases out of the way. 
A: Could you tell me your date of birth please?
B: 25 July 1977.
A: That's the most important part out of the way, but could I just ask you a few questions for a survey we're conducting?

way
in a/one way 
in the/sb's way 
in the way of …
under way 
the other way round 

out on loan 
Sorry, the book you asked for is out on loan right now. 

over and above 
There are other factors over and above those we have discussed. 
besides, in addition to

over the phone 
I need to take down a few details of the actual damage over the phone before you put it in a full report. 
on the phone

overseas student 
If you are an overseas student, you may feel that your grant is insufficient to see you through college life. 

owe...to 
"We owe our lives to the skill of the pilot," said one of the boys, but the pilot replied modestly that it was "all part of a day's work." 

oweowing to

ozone layer 
An important thing is monitoring the size of the hole in the zone layer above Antarctica, since this is an indicator of global ultra-violet radiation levels. 

atmospheric particulates 
atmospheric circulation 
greenhouse gases 
atmospheric processes 
carbon dioxide 
carbon cycle 
solar radiation 
global warming 

pace of life 
In the modern society pace of life is becoming faster and faster. 

packing list 
Make sure you paste the packing list on the package. 

pain killer 
Bed rest, giving up exercise and pain killers are traditional responses to back pain.

febrifuge 
penicillin 
antibiotic 
ointment 
medication 
aspirin 
cold cure 
sweating medicine 

parallel to …
Beach-netting, or meshing, involves setting large nets parallel to the shore. 

parent organization 
The parent organization is far different than the one that first caught worldwide attention 10 years ago. 

officially 
assumption 
career 
resign 
promote 
dismiss 

parking lot 
There is a parking lot sign over there, so let's drive straight ahead. 
stopping place

parking permit/sticker 
A: Where do I get a parking sticker from?
B: I think you can get that from the administration office.

part exchange 
Would you be interested in taking your present car as part exchange? 

part exchangegoodbargaingood buyparts

part-time job 
He did several part-time jobs to support himself. 

participate in 
You may wish to participate in outings or trips if you don't know many people at the moment. 
take part in

passport photo 
A: Could you tell me what I have to do to join the library?
B: Well, you'll need to come in to the library and fill out some forms. You'll also need to bring two passport photos with you.

pay a...deposit …
If you cancel within seven days of departure you will have to pay 50% of your total booking. And you also need to pay a 20% deposit at the time of booking. 50％20％

pay a/the mortgage 
Many Americans face losing their homes as they struggle to pay the mortgage during tough economic times and increasing unemployment. 

mortgage assets 
by installment 
joint account 
extension 
down payment 
personal housing loan 
time loan 
student loan repayment 

pay attention to 
I've told you many times to pay attention to your spelling when you are writing. 
take notice of

pay for 
If you just want to relax, you are free to sit by the hotel pool or go down the beach. Oh, and they also have tennis courts at the hotel, but you have to pay for those by the hour. 
foot the bill, shell out

pay off 
We are the first local habitat homeowners to pay off the mortgage within the mortgage terms. 

pay tribute to …
The female singer sang a modified version of that famous song to pay tribute to the King of Pop. 
show respect to

peak time 
A: Does your company run these tours often?
B: Well, it depends on the time of year. Of course in peak times like the summer holidays we do them every weekend, but at the moment it's usually once a month at most.
rush hour, prime time

morning peak 
off-peak time 
non-service time 
off-running time 
one-line monthly ticket 
special line 

per person 
The house owner paid 50 dollars per person for their works. 50

personal contents insurance 
He is not going to pay personal contents insurance for his valuable stuff. 

social insurance 
medical insurance 
unemployment insurance 
endowment insurance 
property insurance 
luggage insurance 

personal possession 
A: When did you move into the house?
B: A couple of weeks ago, and it's an apartment actually. I was told by the landlord that it would be a good idea to get some insurance for the furniture and other personal possessions.
personal property

personal statement 
Personal statement is an opportunity to tell admission office why you are an excellent applicant for their university. 

PS（personal statement）

personality questionnaire 
More and more employers around the world are making use of what are called personality questionnaire to help them select new staff. 

personally speaking 
Personally speaking I prefer to play football rather than play basketball. 

personnel management 
A: Are you working at the moment?
B: Yes, I've been working in the administration section of the local hospital for the last three years. And before that I worked in the office of a computer engineering company for two years. So I've got about five years of relevant work experience. And what I'm hoping to focus on is personnel management.

achievements 
responsibility 
professional history 
work experience 
position desired 
career objective 
work permit 
salary raise 
punch the clock 
agreement of employment 

phone bill 
You don't need to pay for gas, electricity or water, but you will need to pay your proportion of the phone bill.

water bill 
electricity bill 
gas bill 
heating bill 

phone up …
What you can do is to phone up a student from your own country who is present studying in this college—we will, of course, liaise between you—and discuss your concern with them. That way you can get an objective opinion of what you can expect if you come to live and study at Rexford. 
ring up, call up

pick one's brain 
You'd better go see the professor and pick his brain; maybe he can make it clear to you. 
consult with sb.

pick out 
He was picked out from hundreds of applicants for the job. 
I can pick out my mother's voice among so many people. 
seek out, tell from

pitch in 
When I bought this second-hand car, all my relatives pitched in to help fix it up. 

places of historical interest 
A: What sort of places shall we pay a visit to this week?
B: Well, obviously it varies, but always places of historical interest and also which offer a variety of shopping.

natural beauty 
tourist attraction 
tourist resort 
summer resort 
tour route 
tourist association 
off/off-peak season 
on/peak season 

plan on 
A: How long would you want to stay with the host family?
B: I'm planning on staying a year. I have to get an extension to my permit.

plastic bag 
The growers put plastic bags around the bunches to protect the banana trees and keep them warm. If you go up to the banana growing districts, you'll see all these banana trees with plastic bags on them. 

play a significant role 
Which do you think play a more significant role in our life, music or dance? 

plenty of evidence has shown that 
Plenty of evidence has shown that people learn best when they are entertained. 

point of view 
A: Christina, what did you find? What was the most useful aspect of the project from the point of view of the English practice?
B: When we were being shown how to edit the film, we had to follow the instructions. And that was very good practice for me. And I also learned some technical terms that I hadn't heard before.
standpoint, viewpoint

point out 
I'd just like to point out where everything is and then you can take a look at everything for yourself. 

population growth 
The speed of population growth in that region is appalling. 

pose a threat to …
Substandard water supply and sanitation pose a threat to human health via exposure to pathogens such as intestinal parasites. 

pose a threat to

postgraduate student 
It is the university's policy to give priority in the allocation of residence places to three categories, and those are: visiting students, exchange students and new postgraduate students.

potential customer 
As a salesperson, you should know who are your potential customers. 
prospective customer

potential market 
target market 
pricing policy 
price promotion 
market potential 
market share 
sales analysis 
sales personnel 

potential problem 
With increasing industrial development around the world, the discharge of toxic pollutants is a potential problem for many countries. 

prefer...to ……
I much prefer coffee to tea. 

present oneself 
Make sure you wear neatly while presenting yourself in the seminar. 

prevent...from 
In Australia, where people spend a lot of time at the beach, the government has realized that it must prevent sharks from swimming near its beaches. 
stop...from

price range 
A: Before I ring, we'd better just make sure the hotels are within the price range.
B: Up to £ 15 a head?
A: I think you'll find some people won't be able to go that high.

price structure 
A: How much are the tickets?
B: We've introduced a simpler price structure. Ticket prices used to range from £ 6 to £ 30 but now they're all £ 18.

pride oneself on ……
We pride ourselves on our friendly service, which are particularly important for the increasing number of people who choose to holiday alone. 
be proud of

proficient in/at 
The candidate for this position must be proficient in English and is willing to travel in remote areas. 

profound influence 
The UV-B radiation has profound influence on the immune system in human beings as well as in laboratory mice. UV-B 

projection system 
The single problem with all the projection systems was they couldn't really project the film onto a screen. 

promote sustainable development 
The President and the authorities of the country are committed to positively tackling poverty and promoting sustainable development. 

ecosystem 
environment-friendly 
recyclable 
biodegradable 
renewable 
sanitation 

property insurance 
I don't have extra money to take property insurance. 

propose a toast 
I proposed a toast for all the guests here and our relationship through the training course. 

wedding ceremony 
wedding reception 
wedding anniversary 
trousseau 
wedding day 
bride 
wedding march 
bridegroom 
wedding dress 
groomsman 
bridesmaid 
honeymoon 

protect...from 
Because the farmers can use incubators and hatched chicks are nourished well and protected from danger, the failure rate in farms is very low. 

provide...with 
We are here to provide the public with a service. 
A: Did you have a question?
B: Yes, does the Students Union also provide help with any problems, I mean advice on financial problems, for example? Or does the university provide that?
A: Yes, the union runs their own advice service, offering help with financial matters such as grants.

Unit 16

public transport system 
People criticized the public transport system as frustrating and disappointing. 

subway/underground/tube 
minibus 
train 
taxi 
coach 
express train 
airliner 
sailing boat 

publicity leaflet 
First of all, those who will be looking after the phones and handling all calls regarding the exhibition, you will be on the red team. Now, we've also put the entrance staff on the red team and you'll be stamping the entrance tickets and giving out publicity leaflets. 
brochure

pull out 
One of the subjects decided to pull out when it came to the second round. 
back off

pull up 
She pulled up at the crossing. 
A: So how do we open a can of coke?
B: Mmm...first of all there's the tab which we pull up to open the can and that's held in place by a rivet.

punch in 
A: Have all the workers punched in yet?
B: Linda is an exception.

punch line 
A: What kind of video do you prefer to watch? Have a look at this list.
B: Well, I love anything that makes me laugh. I love to hear jokes and funny punch lines.

punch out 
It is weird that Laurence punched out at 3 pm this afternoon. 

push up 
A: The house price is depending on a number of different factors.
B: What does it depend on?
A: Well, obviously the quality of the area. And then whether there's a garden.
B: Well, as I said, we'd want a garden.
A: A garage pushes up the price.

push-up 

put aside ……
The main priority for men when saving money is their retirement. When they're earning, they're far more likely to put money aside for their old age than women are. 
prepare for a rainy day

put down 
I'll puts that down as a definite. 
write down

put emphasis on 
My mom puts great emphasis on who makes friends with me. 
place emphasis on

put one's feet up 
A: What sort of programs do you go for?
B: Some news bulletins but I also really like to put my feet up with some of the old comedy shows.
have a rest

put...at risk ……
You have no excuse to put your family at risk. 
put...in danger

put...on to ……
Glenda Roberts is our dietician in the Health Service and we can put you on to her. ·

put...through …
A: Oh, hello. I'm ringing to report an accident.
B: Just hold the line a moment please. I'm putting you through to our insurance department.

put together …
Charles has put together a video about the journey and continues to lead groups to the Attora mountains, so if you want further information... ……

put up …
I'll put up a notice with details of the restaurant and the menu. 


queue up 
A: Does the Business Center cover all the main areas of business?
B: Yes, topics like finance, and of course marketing—that's a popular one. Local managers usually queue up to borrow the videos!
A: So it isn't just for students, then?
B: It's for members only, but anyone can join.
line up

range from... (to) …
A: Could you give me some idea about the house prices?
B: Certainly. It really ranges from £ 250 per month.
A: Only £ 250?
B: Yes, to about £ 500 depending on a number of different factors.

rather than ……
It was the availability, rather than the condition, of the housing that was the major concern for tenants and landlords. 
Nowadays people spend more time watching TV and playing on the computers after dinner rather than going out for a walk. 

other than

raw materials 
The water and the availability of raw materials in the area, like minerals and iron ore, and also the abundance of local fuels, like coal and firewood, all made this site suitable for industry from a very early time. 

（industrial revolution）（water resources）（mineral resources）（convenient transportation）

recommend...to/for …
My name's Brian Ardley. I've decided to enroll in a management course. A friend of mine took one last year, and recommended it to me. ·
If you want to recommend some people for the job, please contact us. 
put forward, nominate


recover from 
Henry has recovered from his operation. 

refer to …
A: It's a workshop on dissertations.
B: What do you mean—how to write one?
A: Er, no, it's more to do with academic writing conventions, you know—writing a bibliography and how to refer to sources in your text. That sort of thing. Here's a leaflet with information.

reference letter 
A: What sort of things do I need to get done to rent this house?
B: A letter from your bank and a reference letter from your employer.

letter of recommendation 

reference materials 
A: Is there any difference between the two libraries?
B: Not in terms of their facilities. Access to online databases and the Internet is available at both sites and each site has a range of reference materials on education.

reference
reference stacks 
delivery/circulation desk 
call slip 
check out 
admission/library card 
renew 
date of expiry 
reserve 
not for circulation 
out circulation 
in circulation 

reference number 
This page provides guidance to students on making universities' reference number available. 

reference source 
You'll also find that the library has loaded several CD-ROMS onto the computers from specialist reference sources such as the MLA. CD-ROMS

reference numberreference stacksreference booksreference

reference stacks 
You can consult the reference stacks for information you want. 

refrain from 
The brave boy in the movie refrained from tears. 
desist from

refresh one's memory 
A: Where should we meet? I could come and pick you up at your house, if you like.
B: Yes, that would be wonderful. My car is still off the road.
A: Just refresh my memory. What's the address again?
B: It's 15 Chesterfield Road, Paddington.

remind sb. of

refresher course 
I want to know more about the refresher course that you run. 

regard as …
Confucius is regarded as the greatest philosopher in the history of China. 
think as

regardless of 
Regardless of the fact that he was born in a humble family, he was a gentlemen through and through. 
in spite of

register with …
What we should do is to register with a family doctor. 

registered mail 
I wonder why he sends me a registered mail. 

registration fee 
It is said that the registration fee for the contest is very high, but I won't let go. 

regular meeting 
A: Could anything be done to improve the course in your opinion?
B: Well, I think it would be helpful to have meetings with lecturers on the course. Say once a fortnight—something like that.
A: Regular meetings. Yes, that could certainly help.

relate to 
At this library we hold materials relating to primary education, as well as special needs, but of course you'll need to familiarize yourself with both the two libraries to make the most of our resources. 
touch upon

relay race 
The city organized a relay race to celebrate Independent Day. 


release pressure 
Some scientists say a slow earthquake could be helping to release pressure of the earth, and able to prevent powerful quakes. 

religious practice 
When you are in a different country you have to abide by their religious practice. 

rely on/upon 
Babies rely entirely on their parents for living. 
Of course, you have to cope with all the pressure without your usual social network—the social contacts, family and friends you could normally rely on for help. 
In fact, extensive underground water resources are available over more than half of Australia's land area, but most of the water is too salty to be used for human consumption or for the irrigation of crops. However, most inland farmers do rely on this water for watering their animals. 
depend on/upon

remind...of …
The museum reminds him of the one he visited last year. 
As you can see, the Maritime Museum is a very modern building built in the post modern style and it was in fact opened by the Prime Minister of Australia in November 1991. It has been designed with a nautical flavor in mind to remind us of our links with the sea. 199111
put...in mind of

removals van 
With the removals van it becomes easier to move from one place to another. 

truck 
train 
bus 
car 
lorry 
minibus 
carriage 
wagon 
tractor 

research assessment 
At Rexford we have a strong research capability. We came 7th out of 101 universities in last year's research assessment. 101


assessmentthe assessment of patients

research method 
Well, you should see your course tutor to agree on your final title and you should also be aware that there's a special program running on research methods for anyone who wants some extra help on this problem. 

design research 
research approach 
research technique 
scientific research 

research methodology 
You should read the article by Jackson, but just look at the part on the research methodology—how they did it. ——

resistant to ……
Through interview, employers may find out whether someone is resistant to change. 

respond to …
The disease failed to respond to the drugs. 
react to

response rate 
There are some problems you will get if the response rate is too low. 

response to …
The body's response to back injury can be very counter-productive. 
reaction to

result from 
It turns out that nothing has resulted from our effort. 
Very serious consequences can result from people or organizations not considering the possible results of their actions seriously enough. 
arise from, attribute...to

result in 
The game resulted in another victory of the Phoenix. 
lead to

ringback tone 
Young men choose distinctive ringback tones to reflect their personalities. 

roam about 
To start your visit I'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum before letting you roam about on your own. 
amble, wander

root for 
This man is not likely to succeed in the impending election because very few voters rooted for him over the recent months. 
be in favor of

round-trip ticket 
A: One-way or a round-trip ticket?
B: A round-trip ticket, please.

return ticket

single ticket

roundabout route 
According to my research, the banana, which is the first type to be cultivated here, actually originated in China but they had a fairly roundabout route before they got to Australia. 
We drove home by a roundabout route. 

Unit 17

routine work 
I'm tired of the routine works in the library. 
daily work

run across …
I just ran across several old friends when I went to the interview. 

run into …
The car went out of control and ran into a tree. 
A: Hi Tim! How are you? I'd been wondering when I'd run into you. Have you been here long?
B: I arrived yesterday, on Sunday.

run out of 
I has run out of sugar. Could you help me to buy some in that shop? 
In August 2000, we ran out of money. We had containers of bikes ready to send, but no money to pay the bills. 20008
exhaust, use up

run out of steamrun out of gas

run risks 
You are running risks in marrying some guy whom you have known less than a month. 
Investment is all about running risks. 

run the risk of …
If you don't acknowledge the source of your information then you run the risk of failing the subject or in very serious cases you might be denied entry to the university. 

runHe wants to open a new shop, which is running sport articles. 

run through 
A sad feeling runs through the poetry written by the famous female writer. 
A: Where is the main hall?
B: I'll show you in a minute. Just let me quickly run through this morning's events first and then I'll explain bow to get there.

run wild 
In this case, I'd say pictures are best with individual children, because they give them an opportunity to let their imaginations run wild. 
be out of control

run
run across 
run down 
run into 
run up against 

rush hour 
I think it's wise of you not to go out in rush hour. 

rush off 
If you lack vitamins in any way the solution isn't to rush off and take vitamin pills, though they can sometimes help. It's far better to look at your diet and how you prepare your food. 

sanitary condition 
Those who could afford to live in more pleasant surroundings moved out from the East End, and the area became one where the vast majority of people lived in extreme poverty, and suffered from appalling sanitary conditions. 

sanitary
sanitary landfill 
sanitary wares 

satisfy the need of …
The foreign steel manufacturer is one of our main customers and we must try our best to satisfy the need of the factory at any cost. 

save a back-up copy 
The tutor suggested that I should save a back-up copy of any work I did. 

save up 
They are saving up for a house. 

saver ticket 
The man was sentenced to 200 hours of community service for his part in making fake airline saver tickets. 200

open ticket 
one-way ticket 
round-trip ticket 

savings account 
You should learn to save money, so you'd better open a savings account in the bank. 

bank/pass book 
open an account 
current account 
deposit account 
signature card 
credit card 
full refund 
service charge 

scare off 
This is a fake video camera which you fix to your wall to scare off burglars. 

scenic spot 
Tourism authorities in this city have closed all scenic spots along the coast and evacuated more than 300,000 tourists who had flocked to seaside. 30

science fiction 
The innocent kids believe that superman exists not only in the science fiction stories but also in the real life. 

prose 
poem 
autobiography 
detective story 
fairy tale 
thriller 
satire 
novel 
reportage 
romance 

security entrance 
I do need to tell you that there's a security entrance to the house, so you need to press the green button for someone to let you in. Don't press the red button please, but don't worry, it's all clearly labeled. 

sell out 
Tickets are already selling fast. The Friday and Saturday performances sold out almost immediately and, in fact, now there are only tickets for Monday and Thursday. 
be out of stock, be unavailable

semi-detached house 
A semi-detached house with five bedrooms is for sale. 

apartment/flat 
bungalow 
cottage 
villa 
house 

send out 
The demand for bikes there is enormous, which makes them very expensive locally. So we sell them for 75% of the normal price. But in order to continue operating we need to have a constant supply of bikes which we send out every six months. 75％

senior citizen 
Senior citizens should be deemed as a treasure to our country. They have worked hard all their lives for the development of the nation as well as the society. 

senior citizensenior citizen

serve...with ……
This hotel offers an impeccable service, serving guests with welcoming sweetmeats. 
supply...with

service charge 
A: Ann, do you know the service charge of this bank?
B: Sorry, I have no idea.
A
B

set aside ……
Fears of the new round outbreak of bird flu have not been fully set aside. 

set back …
It would be easy to say the company had invested too heavily, or at the wrong time, but in fact the signs were good and what they were set back by was high interest rates. 
hinder from

set down 
A: And how many times have been set down for the tutorials, do you have that information?
B: That's a very well-attended course so there's a number of tutorial times.

set out 
He set out his objections to the plan. 
The several students are setting out on an American tour this summer. 

set off 
Though it won't set back pain off in the first place, the body weight will increase the strain and make things worse. 

set the table 
Do our modern lifestyles mean that we no longer have the time to set the table with various delicate china? 

set up 
A number of initiatives have been set up to help women deal with the economic problems. 
A: If you had to give the new directors some specific advice when they set up the channel, what advice would you give them?
B: I think I'd advise them to pay a lot of attention to the quality of the broadcast, you know, the sound system.

establish

settle down 
A: You really should find a right person and settle down.
B: You're right, but that's not easy.

share the view on …
I'm glad we share the view on whom to take credit for. 

shift work 
I would appreciate it if you can shift work with me. 

work overtime

shock value 
Four years into her career, Tina realizes she no longer can rely on the shock value of her being the first Muslim female actress. 

shoot a film 
A: Have you heard the news that our favourite director is going to shoot a film in black and white?
B: Yes, I've got the news two days before.

director 
producer 
leading actor 
supporting role 
special effect 
premiere 
stunt man 
extra 
distributor 
filmdom 
trailer 

show off 
Nowadays, many women like wearing tight dress to show off their nice figures. 

show up 
Most of my female friends like the same music as me. Different age groups would be much more likely to show up differences, I think. 
You spin the wheel around and if you can get the wheel spinning fast enough, hopefully the colors all merge and show up as white. 
come up, reveal, expose

shut down 
If the company truly are cautious, then I suspect they will seek to shut down some of their shops. 

side effect 
Medical institution must be frank about the side effects of this newly invented treatment. 

sightseeing spot 
I want to visit all the sightseeing spots of this country. 

go sightseeing

sign a contract with …
A: Have you heard that the famous swimmer is going to sign a contract with the sportswear giant, Adidas?
B: Really? That's great.

labor contract

sign up 
We do ask that you sign up three days in advance. 
enter for

single-speed cycle 
Single-speed cycles are really only suited to short, casual rides. 

sit in 
A: We like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
B: I've already done that, as my friends told me you wanted one. But would it be possible to sit in on a teaching session to see what it's like? I haven't been a student for quite a while.

sit with 
Can you do me a favour to sit with my daughter for half an hour? 

slip from...to …
Because of the ache on her back the world ranking of the tennis player has slipped from first to third. 

slip on 
Please slip on the jeans and sweater you wore last week, along with a pair of shoes. 

slip-on“”

slow down 
Business slows down at this time of year. 

speed up“”

snap up 
Products in the center of an aisle are snapped up and manufacturers pay a lot for these areas which are known in the trade as hotspots. Naturally everyone wants their products to be in a hotspot. 

so forth 
A: Good morning. I'm interested in the childen's workshops and I'd like a little more information, please.
B: Do you mean the Art and Craft workshops?
A: Yes. A friend of a friend mentioned them—the children do painting and make models and so forth.

soak up 
Many scientists believe global warming might get worse in ten years if the oceans soak up less of the greenhouse gas. 
draw in

social interaction 
Social interaction is a great way to broaden your circle of friends. 

social welfare 
The local government provides social welfare to the poor and the jobless. 

pension 
insurance 
public housing fund 
medicare 

soft drink 
"Dream" is the name of a soft drink made by the drink company. “Dream”

soil conditioner 
Over a third of the waste paper can't be used in the recycled paper, leaving the question of what to do with it. One firm, Paper Save, currently sells this to farmers as a soil conditioner, though this practice will soon be banned because of transport costs and smell, and the company is looking into the possibility of alternative uses. 1/3

conditionerhair conditioner 

solar energy 
New cars powered by solar energy have become popular in this city. 

（fossil fuel）（environmental pollution）（water energy）（nuclear energy）（wind energy）

sort...out 
If you're planning to live off campus, you've got to sort the problems out earlier. 

Unit 18

sound good 
It sounds good that we can visit the museum without charge. 
sound great

spare time 
In most interviews you usually ask candidates questions about their hobbies and what they like doing in their spare time. 
free time

spark off 
Too much fat and sugar will spark off obesity and diabetes. 

speak at natural speed 
I think the people speak at natural speed, so it forces me to get used to it. And they use a lot of slang. 

speak of 
The woman refused to speak of her husband. 
mention

speak up (for) 
please speak up—we can't hear you at the back. ——
The woman spoke up in defense of her political beliefs. 

special clinic 
Dr Williams holds a special clinic for people with back trouble. 


out-patient department/OPD 
in-patient department 
consulting room 
waiting room 
emergency 
dispensary 
isolation ward 
maternity ward 
observation ward 
blood bank 

specialized course 
We are going to discuss the project of specialized courses setting in foreign language education. 

basic course 
course arrangement 
required/compulsory course 
optional/selective course 
application form 
project 
syllabus 
credit 
dissertation 
enrollment 

speed up 
Products placed here, at the beginning of aisles, don't sell well. In tests, secret fixed cameras have filmed shopper's movements around a store over a seven-day period. When the film is speeded up, it clearly shows that we walk straight past these areas on our way to the centre of an aisle. 
gather way, accelerate

split off 
My particular interest is Asiatic lions, which are a sub-species of African lions. It's almost a hundred thousand years since the Asiatic lions split off and developed as a sub-species. 

spoken English 
One or two of you asked me earlier about your level of spoken English. Obviously most of you have already achieved a lot. 

spot on 
I think the survey checklist you made is good. Very much on the right lines. I'd say the first two sections of your dissertation are spot on. 

spring up 
A: How do the banana trees reproduce then?
B: Well, bananas are normally grown from suckers which spring up around the parent plant, usually just above the plant.
Outdoor products stores are springing up all over the city in recent few months. 
grow quickly, pop up

spring uppop upspring uppop up

sprout up 
As cyber cafes continue to sprout up all over the world, travel blogs have become a good place for keeping in touch with those stayed at home. 

staff room 
The staff room is near the main entrance, just opposite the reception desk. 

staff room“”staff roomrest room

stand for …
Do you know what do the letters UFO stand for? UFO
The organization stands for self-reliance. 

stand out 
The first chapter of your draft is fine but the middle section really stood out for me... most interesting. 
The warning sign stands out in the street and attracts the eyes of the passers-by. 

standard of living 
Because of our work, people in a number of countries now have a better standard of living—so far we've provided 46,000 people with bikes. ——4.6

start off …
Don't you think it's a bit ambitious for this age group? I mean, I don't want to start off something and then have to abandon it if they just can't cope with it. 

start up 
I have many women patients who say they have completely given up exercise because the pain makes them so miserable. But of course that starts up a vicious circle. 

start with a clean slate 
If you start with a clean slate and quit drinking, your wife will take you in again. 
turn over a new leaf

state-run enterprise 
It is understandable that many parents want their sons and daughters to find a job in the government or in the state-run enterprises. 
public sector

stay in touch with …
Last but not least, stay in touch with us. 

stay within the budget …
Today I'm going to talk about ways of making sure that you eat well while at the same time staying within the budget. 

stereo system 
A: What things did you want to insure?
B: Well, what do you recommend?
A: Well, the most important things are those which you would normally find in a home. Things like the television, fridge and so on.
B: I see. Well, I've got a fridge and a stereo system which I've just bought from a friend.

electric fans 
toaster 
microwave oven 
radiator 
air conditioner 
washing machine 
hair dryer 
electric iron 
blender 
juicer 

stick shift 
My brother bought a car for me and tried to teach me how to drive stick shift. But he didn't have the patience so I almost abandon that car. 

automatic shift

stick in one's mind 
One of the paintings in particular sticks in my mind. 

stick to 
Even though he is unsatisfied with his job, John can stick to the job for a long period. 
adhere to

stock market 
Personally I think the stock market is to blame. I think they were expecting too much of the company and then inevitably it looked bad when it didn't perform. 
share market

dividend 
stockholder 
capital stock 
stock index 
stock exchange 
stock transfer 

store...away/up 
Maybe we could store the idea away for later. 

straight away 
A: The first thing is the washing machine. It's been leaking a little and it's beginning to get worse. Because we have a small child, we really need to get that done straight away.
B: OK...that's a washing machine for immediate repair.
A: Can you also send me an application form?
B: Of course. I'll get that in the post to you straight away.
right away

strip down 
If you do have a bike to donate, it doesn't matter what condition it's in—if we can't repair it, we'll strip it down for several parts. ——
break up, tear apart

strive for 
The lyrics of the song aim to encourage fellow citizens to move away from the path of violence and strive for a bright future filled with peace. 

student account 
Now, by far the most useful type of account to open is a current account. When you do this, you will actually get what is called a student account which is a current account with special concessions for students. 

student handbook 
You can find the school advice on the student handbook. 

student/students' union 
We are going to elect the chairman of Student Union next Friday. 
We're very grateful that the committee has agreed that a representative for the Students' Union can present students' suggestions. 

SU

subscription fee 
A: Is this kind of membership very expensive?
B: Well, it's now £ 500 for the annual subscription fee.

suffer from 
The old man suffers from heart disease. 
Many companies are suffering from a shortage of skilled staff. 
inflict upon

suggestion box 
We invited all students to submit written suggestions for the design, placing cards in a suggestion box. 

suitable for 
I'd like to buy some books suitable for children under 5. 
fit for

summit conference/meeting 
At the summit conference, the President presents his ideas on global warming. 

superior to 
Instead of moving from place to place, the settlers needed permanent dwellings. The stone axes used to chop down trees to make these dwellings were far superior to any that the Stone Age hunter-gatherers used. 

surf the Internet 
Betty is surfing the Internet to find useful information. 

（chat on line）（play computer games）（send e-mail）（search）（play music）

sweep across 
High winds and storm activity continued to sweep across the state yesterday, with the State Emergency Service fielding more than 100 calls. 100

swimming costume 
There are various swimming costumes, mini skirts and cartoon T-shirts in this shop.T

table tennis 
If you want to relax, you can play table tennis with us. 

take a sip of 
The lecturer paused to take a sip of the hot coffee and then went on his story. 

take a stroll around 
On the first day, tourists can enjoy the beauty of the rainforest and take a stroll around the famous lake. 

take a/an...view of/towards ……
I always take a negative view towards marrying for money. 
hold a/an...view of

take advantage of 
If one is visiting Manhattan, he or she can take advantage of the 24-hour shuttle to and from Kennedy Airport. 24
make use of

take ages 
A: We have to do two groups, remember, and it looks like we have to interview fifteen for each group.
B: That's thirty altogether then. It's going to take ages.
A: Yes, but remember we're working on this together, so we'll only have to do fifteen each.

take an interest in …
Do your parents take an interest in your friends? 

take...as an example …
We've looked in general at the telecommunications market in the UK over the last few sessions and I want you to take Box Telecom as an example and suggest some ways in which they might overcome their problems. 
for example

take care of 
Thank you very much for taking care of my baby for me this afternoon. 
look after

take control of 
I mean the biggest difference between college and school is that new college students have to do a lot of work on their own, and it's sometimes useful to get advice on how to take control of your time and work effectively. 

take down 
A: Can I book a place on the "Study for Success" seminar course now?
B: Yes, let me just get out a registration form and take down your details.

write down

take...into account/take account of 
The designers take into account the possible changes in technology and lifestyle over the next 10 years when they design the new operating system. 
take...into consideration

take...into consideration 
The noise factor will have to be taken into consideration with the layout of the house. 
take account of

take a heavy toll (on) / take its toll (on) 
The tornado has taken a heavy toll in a large part of the country. 
The economy crisis is taking its tool on the housing markets. 

take notes 
A: Do you want me to take notes?
B: That will be great, thanks.

Unit 19

take of 
A group of school children who were traveling in a privately chartered airplane from Sydney to Queensland to take part in a musical concert found themselves swimming for the shore when their airplane had to land in the sea just three minutes after taking off from Sydney airport. 

take one's breath away 
Not many things can take one's breath away these months, but this movie is something absolutely wonderful. 

take one's temperature 
The nurse takes my temperature three times a day. 

take out insurance 
Nowadays everyone can take out insurance fast and uncomplicated via Internet. 

insurance agent/broker 
insurance company 
insurance claim 
insurance policy 
insurance premium 

take over one's business 
My father wants me to take over his business when I graduate from college. 

take pictures 
A: Who likes to take pictures better, your husband or you?
B: Me, of course.

take photographs


take pity on …
But in the end they took pity on me, so now I've just about got enough money. 

take responsibility for …
Corporate crime can have very severe consequences. It's not just a matter of companies making bigger profits than they should do, but of event which may affect the lives of innocent people, and yet very often companies, because they say they didn't intend to harm everyone, can avoid taking responsibility for the results of their actions. And that has been a very dangerous loophole in the law. 
be responsible for

take the role of …
In the east, most men seem to be unwilling to take the role of house-husband whilst their wives go to work. 
play the role of

take unpaid leave 
My boss has agreed to pay the cost of the course itself, but I would have to take unpaid leave if I want to study full-time and, I don't think I could afford to support myself with no salary for a whole year. 



paid leave 
annual leave 
maternity leave 
sick leave 

take up 
Although trees can significantly improve the local climate, they do take up a lot of space. 
You see you only get one bunch of bananas per tree and it can take up to three years for a tree to bear fruit if you don't do anything special to it. 
I'm very excited about the whole thing of taking up studying again. 
We train you so that you can take up a particular kind of job. So it is important that you know the main roles of the jobs—what the work is like and what kind of qualities you need to succeed at them. ——

talcum powder 
A: We should get something for the baby. What do you think?
B: Yes, you're right. What do you think of something like baby shampoo or talcum powder?
A: Or we could get a little hat, or something like that.

talk through 
As we explained in the letter, in this part of the interview, we'd like to talk through your application form...your experience to date, etc… 

tax revenue 
Tax revenue for July exceeded targets for the first time this fiscal year in this country, thanks in part to increases in tax on fuel and alcohol. 

operation tax 
corporate income tax 
stamp tax 
construction tax 
consumption tax 
resource tax 
income tax 
inheritance tax 

teaching facilities 
A: How about the teaching facilities in your school?
B: They need improving.

team spirit 
Young people participate in tennis training camps that aim to engender team spirit and help bridge religious gaps. 

tear down 
Many of the old classrooms in this district will be torn down to make way for an expanded library. 

telephone interview 
We have to do telephone interviews to collect data. 

interviewjob interview

telephone rental 
A: How much is the house?
B: It's £ 380.
A: Is that including water?
B: No, I'm afraid not, but it does include the telephone rental.

car rental

tell...from 
How can you tell an Asiatic lion from an Africa lion, with which you're probably more familiar? 

tend to 
The study have found that men tend to save for a car. 
One drawback of the questionnaire was that its data tends not to reveal anything unexpected, because it is limited to the questions fixed in advance by the researcher. 
incline to, have a tendency to; care for

thank goodness for 
A: What did you have inside the briefcase?
B: Well, all my papers from college. It's so frustrating, but, thank goodness for computers, I haven't lost them completely!

thanks to 
Thanks to their efforts, these scientists have won great honors for our country. 

the last thing...want to do 
To move back to my hometown with my brothers would be the last thing I want to do now. 

the last person I want to see 
the thing I like least 

the/your best bet 
A: Is parking available nearby the museum on Saturday?
B: Your best bet is to leave your car at the back of the library—on a Saturday morning there are plenty of spaces there. It's right next door to the museum.

You bet. 

theme park 
A: Are there lots of places to go to around Trebirch?
B: Oh yes. You can enjoy many days out. Um there's the Merthyr Mining Museum, which is only half an hour from Trebirch by train. Your children will find it just as fascinating as many theme parks and they can ride in the original miner's lifts and on the coal trains.

through and through 
The man's British through and through. 

tick away/by 
As the minutes ticked away, the kid became more and more impatient. 

ticket office 
Now we're standing at the entrance, and immediately to our right is the ticket office. 
booking office

tie...in (to/with) …
Banana's history is not as boring as you'd think. And I wanted to tie it in to the work I've been doing on primary industries and the economy. 

time difference 
You should learn about the time difference between here and Tokyo before you go there. 

to be frank 
I think questionnaires are very good at telling you how people fill in questionnaires, but to be frank they tell you very little else. Avoid them! 
frankly speaking

to be precise 
In the eleventh century, in 1066 to be precise, the Norman conquered England, and during the next few centuries London became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in Europe. 111066
be more exact, properly speaking

to one's surprise 
To no one's surprise, Mr. Robert was re-elected as company's chief executive officer. 

to some extent/degree 
The exam stress affects nearly everyone to some extent, but especially overseas students. 

to sum up 
To sum up, this is a fantastic journey and I enjoy it very much. 
in a word

to the best of one's knowledge …
Although the questions are beyond the topic for today, I will try to respond as much as I can and to the best of my knowledge. 

to the point 
A: Could I just ask—what do you think I should call the chapter one of my dissertation?
B: Well, I'd go for something like Context Review. What do you think?
A: Well, short and to the point.

tourist attraction 
Disney theme park is one of the most welcome tourist attractions in the world. 

guide 
guidebook 
travel agency 
places of interest 
resort 
package tour 

tourist destination 
The President declared that it is time to make the country the leading tourist destination, because they have everything they need to do so. 

tow...away 
A: What happens to you if you don't buy a sticker? Do they clamp your wheels or give you a fine?
B: No, I think they tow your car away.

parking permit/sticker 
parking lot 
parking ticket 
parking fee 
fine 
speed limit 

track and field 
Who is the first gold medalist in the Track and Field events of the Beijing Olympic Games? 

marathon 
triathlon 
sprint 
long-distance running 
foot race 
triple jump 

trade fair/show 
Who are you going to send to the toy trade fair opening today? 

trade...in 
He wanted to traded his old desktop computer in for a new laptop. 

trade on 
The officer is good at trading on his social status for personal gain. 
make use of

trade up 
My mother likes to trade up our used electrical apparatuses for new ones. 

traffic congestion/jam 
The critic does not believe the bridge will help ease traffic congestion in the city. 
Thomas was late again because of the heavy traffic jam. 

rush hour 
traffic lights 
traffic flow 
temporary traffic regulation 
traffic police 
traffic warden 
zebra crossing 
intersection 
pavement 
traffic rules 

traffic noise 
A problem in built-up areas is that traffic noise is intensified by tall buildings. 

（environmental pollution）（noise level）（decibel）（mental disorder）（hearing loss）

trail away/off 
Her voice trailed away to nothing. 

train of thought 
And as a consequence, although your paragraphing and inclusion of subheadings help, it's quite hard to follow your train of thought at times. 

transfer to 
A: Good afternoon. Can I help you?
B: Good afternoon. Yes, I've just transferred to the School of Education, and I'd like information about joining the library.
switch to

Unit 20

translate...into …
The pupil has to translate the two-dimensional design of ther hat into a form to fit the head. 
change...into

transportation system 
I think transportation system should be improved in two years. 

travel agency 
There were a large number of respondents in favour of a travel agency and insurance centre. 

travel light 
For those who hope to enjoy the journey, my suggestion is to travel light. 

traveller's cheque/check 
You can replace your traveller's check if it is lost or stolen. 
A: Why were you so late? Did something happen?
B: Yes, you know, I went to the bank to cash some traveller's checks.

order check 
rubber check 
blank check 

try on 
Please try the shoes on before you buy them. 

try one's best to do 
Have you tried your best to solve the problem? 
do one's best to do

try out 
People with back pain can try out an orthopedic mattress or a spring slatted bed. 

turn a blind eye (to) （…）
The tour is very interesting and impressive, so it makes many tourists turn a blind eye to the expense. 


turn down 
It was practically a year ago that I applied to my local council for a grant, and it took them six months to turn me down. 
freeze off

turn off 
We won't get a very good mark if the children don't enjoy the experiments, and I suppose we could turn them off science for good! 
Please turn the lights off before you leave the office. 
switch off

turn to 
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the twentieth century, and now we'll turn to housing. 20
The small country has turned to America for help. 
go to...for help

turn up 
Thanks for turning up today to this short talk. I'm going to give on student banking. 

tutorial paper 
A: Well, you have to complete a tutorial paper.
B: What does that involve?
A: Well, it's a piece of work on a given topic based on some set reading texts.

twice as many 
We already had a few seats which were suitable for wheelchair users, and now there are twice as many, which we hope will meet demand. 

ultra-violet radiation 
This technology uses high intensity ultra-violet radiation to kill bacteria and other micro-organisms. 

uncertain about …
The boys are uncertain about what to do next. 
unsure about

under pressure/stress 
Employers may ask the sort of questions that you might expect, like do you like working under pressure or are you good at keeping deadlines? 
The interesting side of sports physiology, at least in my view, is the side that looks at the micro level, looking at cellular changes. The researchers are doing cellular research, looking at changes in body cells when the body is under stress. 

undergraduate student 
A: Do you know anything about parking rights on the campus? I was wondering whether students are allowed to park their cars on the campus or not?
B: I think it's possible for postgraduate students but not for undergraduate students.

union fee 
Well, you'll have to go across to the Law Faculty and get this card stamped and then you come back here with it and pay your union fee. 

universal education 
The official put forward universal education plans in the meeting. 

elementary education 
secondary education 
higher education 
adult education 

up to 
A: I can borrow books for up to three months—is that what you are saying?
B: Yes.
A: How often do you like to receive statements?
B: I haven't really thought. Um, what's the usual thing?
A: It's up to you. Some people like them weekly.
no less than; as many as

upper class 
The small supermarket can hardly attract the people from upper class because there are no expensive things. 

middle class 
lower class 

upper limit 
What's your upper limit for the rent? 
maximum

vacant position 
If there is a vacant position, please keep me posted. 

vacuum flask 
The vacuum flask is made of stainless steel which is guaranteed for 20 years. 20


various aspects of 
In the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of London and this morning we're continuing with a look at life in the area called the East End. 

vary with …
Her mood varies with the weather. 

vice versa 
You should take into consideration the advice of your parents and vice versa. 

virgin forest 
Scientists take great pains in preventing the last virgin forest from being spoiled by human being. 
primitive forest

virtual reality 
The virtual reality system which allows children to manipulate aircrafts or watch flowers spring to life has become a big hit in the National Science and Technology Center. 

vocational school 
Most of the students graduating from that vocational school have found a satisfying job. 

voluntary organization 
After three years of studying, I wanted adventure. I loved traveling, so I decided to join a voluntary organization and was sent to Ecuador to carry out land surveys. 

volunteer to do 
The little girl volunteered to organize the visit to the museum for us. 

wake up 
Don't wake him up so early! Yesterday he worked till the midnight. 
If your bed doesn't give enough support, back muscles and ligaments work all night trying to correct spinal alignment, so you wake up with a tired aching back. 
waken up


walk away with 
She walked away with the gold medal. 

washing machine 
The washing machine doesn't work and I have to ask someone to repair it immediately. 


waste disposal 
Waste disposal is one of the major problems for the government to tackle with. 

watch for 
I was watching for my tram because sometimes it comes early. 

watch out 
We are planning to open our first centre outside this area in the coming year, so watch out for developments. 

water-soluble vitamin 
There are fat-soluble vitamins which can be stored for quite some time by the body and there are water-soluble vitamins which are removed more rapidly from the body and so a regular daily intake of these ones is needed. 

way off base 
The engineer's budget was way off base, much higher than the current prices for labor and materials. 
totally wrong

website address 
A: Now what was good about some sessions was the handouts.
B: Yes. I thought all the handouts were good actually, and some were great, with website addresses and everything.

wedding vow 
Nowadays it is much more common for the couple-to-be to participate in writing their own wedding vows. 

something oldsomething newsomething borrowedsomething blue

weigh the pros and cons 
When these foreign businesses look to investment overseas, they need to weigh the pros and cons of various cities' public infrastructure. 

weight lifting 
Besides strength and technique, what else are the requirements of weight lifting? 

well done 
A: Where are we supposed to get the ideas for these experiment from?
B: Well, I managed to get hold of two books from the library.
A: Oh, well done.

wipe out 
A campaign to wipe out discrimination was spread throughout the country. 
The city was wiped out by the earthquake. 
sweep away, cancel out

with a population of …
Clare's hometown once was a beautiful scenic spot with a population of two million. 200

with the help of …
In the modern society people do many things with the help of the computer. 
with the aid of

without question 
The famous philosopher said it was easy to follow the crowd, to blend with the trend, to accept whatever we encounter without question. 
beyond all doubt, beyond question

word/data processing ／
Can you explain the term data processing to me? 

software 
hardware 
copy 
paste 
cut 
database 

work out 
A: Do I have to pay for classes?
B: Yes, it's £ 3 for each class you join.
A: I see. And what are the hours then?
B: Between 10:30 and 15:30 weekends only and you pay a £ 50 joining fee. The annual fee is £ 180—it works out at £ 15 a month, so that would be quite a lot cheaper.
A: Have you worked out that complicated problem yet?
B: Sure, I've done it two days earlier.
A: I know the conference is for three days but actually I want to attend on Friday and Saturday only. Will that work out to be any cheaper?
B: Let me have a look. Well, you could register for the two days separately, but that couldn't actually save you very much as it still costs £ 35 for each day.

solve; figure out; puzzle out; turn out

work through 
A: Excuse me, I'm sorry to bother you, but would you have time to answer a few questions?
B: What are they about?
A: We're doing some market research for a new television channel starting in two years' time.
B: OK, why not?
A: Lovely, we'll just work through this form. And if we could start with some personal background information...

carry out; get through


working experience 
The position requires at least five years' relevant working experience. 

job applicant 
job description 
team spirit 
interviewer 
personnel system 
office hour 
salary 
wage 
salary raise 
year-end bonus 
internship 
on probation 

worth doing 
Although the performers are very young, the show is still worth seeing. 
worthwhile to do

write back 
I have invited Mary to come to my wedding ceremony but she wrote back saying that she couldn't come. 

write up …
A: I have to talk for 25 minutes?
B: Yes, that's right. And then you have to write up your piece of work and give it to the lecturer to be marked.
We have to do the experiments and write up our results within a week. 
write down

you name it 
This is the largest supermarket in the city—you name it, and they have got it. ——

youth hostel 
I've made a reservation for two rooms in advance in this youth hostel. 
